                                             2026 Preliminary USPAP Report
                                 (Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice)


                                                           Table of Contents
INTRODUCTION ........................................................................................................................................ 2
SECTION 1 SAMPLE CERTIFICATION, CONTRACT, SCOPE OF WORK .......................................... 4
   A. Sample Certification ............................................................................................................................ 4
   B. Contract & Scope of Work ................................................................................................................... 5
   C. Introduction to Data Collection .......................................................................................................... 17
SECTION 2 DRA PRIOR SALES ANALYSIS INFORMATION ............................................................ 44
SECTION 3 VALUATION PREMISE ...................................................................................................... 45
   A. Three Approaches to Value................................................................................................................ 45
   B. Zoning ................................................................................................................................................ 48
   C. Time Trending .................................................................................................................................... 51
   D. Neighborhood Classification.............................................................................................................. 53
   E. Basic Mass Appraisal Process ............................................................................................................ 56
   F. Assumptions, Theories & Limiting Factors ........................................................................................ 57
SECTION 4 AVITAR CAMA (COMPUTER ASSISTED MASS APPRAISAL) .................................... 58
   A. Introduction to the Avitar CAMA System ......................................................................................... 61
SECTION 5 UNDERSTANDING YOUR PROPERTY RECORD CARD (PRC) ................................... 70
   A. Commonly Used Abbreviations ......................................................................................................... 77
   B. Definitions .......................................................................................................................................... 78
SECTION 6 SALES DATA ....................................................................................................................... 86
   A. Date Range of Sales & Effective Date of New Year ......................................................................... 86
   B. Qualified & Unqualified Sales Report ............................................................................................... 86
SECTION 7 SPREADSHEET ANALYSIS ............................................................................................. 374
SECTION 8 FIELD REVIEW .................................................................................................................. 399
   A. Property Specific Adjustment Guidelines ........................................................................................ 399
SECTION 9 MODEL CALIBRATION TECHNIQUE ............................................................................ 402
   A. Preliminary Valuation Tables .......................................................................................................... 405




                                                                          PAGE 1
                                     INTRODUCTION
The purpose of this report is to document the guidelines, standards, and procedures used in the
recent town wide revaluation. The building cost data and the specific building and land information
of each property, which is the foundation for this report and revaluation, were gathered and/or
verified by the assessing staff of Avitar Associates of N.E., Inc. (Avitar). All Assessing personnel
are all qualified and certified by the New Hampshire Department of Revenue Administration
(DRA), Municipal & Property Division or the NH Office of Professional Licensure and
Certification (OPLC). Sources may include local builders and developers, as well as the use of
cost manuals, such as the Marshall & Swift Manual.

We use a data collection form (DCF) to facilitate the listing and pricing of buildings, which ensures
uniformity and accuracy in the collection of data and use of the CAMA system. This information,
once entered, is used to generate the “Property Record Card” (PRC).

It should be kept in mind that nothing can replace common sense and experience. While this report
is a guide to information about the revaluation and the resulting assessments, one needs to keep in
mind that an assessment is an opinion of value based on information contained herein, and the
knowledge and experience of the assessor. This is simply a guideline.

An appraisal is an estimate of value at a point in time. Value is a moving target based on the actions
of the market (buyers and sellers) and what they are willing to pay and accept for any individual
property. As such, the assessment as of April 1st, (the assessment date for the State of New
Hampshire), is not a fact, but rather an opinion of value based on all the local sales data and the
social and economic forces observed in the community and represents a “reasonable” assessment.
The assessment, while likely never matching another assessor’s opinion of value, should be
reasonably close, assuming each opinion of value is factual and accurately established, generally
meaning +/- about 10%.

There is no area of appraising where this judgement of value becomes more evident than in the
valuation of land and its amenities, such as view, waterfront, neighborhood, and location.

Land values are local. They cannot be compared to values of similar properties in other localities
with any known accuracy. This suggests that the most valuable tool in arriving at a judgement of
land value is going to be the local market. For any land valuation method to work, it must be based
on the local market sales, as the social and economic values and conditions of each community is
different.

Adjustments for topography, shape, and cost to develop vary greatly as each property is unique.
However, a review or comparison of these properties will show a relationship exists between the
adjustment and severity of topography, shape, and site development costs, based on the opinion of
the revaluation supervisor and local sales data.

The contributory value of views, while based on sales data, vary as widely as the views. The
relationship between sales with views and the resulting added value, as compared to other
properties in town with views, helps support the application of view adjustments. This analysis
also demonstrates consistency and reliability in the valuation process. However, sales data never
accounts for every variation of view, or value adding feature or deduction for that matter, that the




                                               PAGE 2
job supervisor may come across in any given town. As such, experience and knowledge of the
local sales must be used to assess these unique properties and adjust for the severity of the feature
affecting value in his or her opinion and then consistently apply that condition.

   Intended Use of Report
   The intended use of the report is to be a tool for local assessing officials to understand how the
   assessments were developed. To help them feel comfortable that the values are well founded
   and equitable, as well as help in the future assessment of new homes and maintenance of
   property values.

   It is not intended to make the reader an assessor but rather help the reader understand the
   process. It is intended to document the facts, assumptions, and data used for their review, and
   use in understanding and explaining the revaluation process.

   The use of this report is to present the foundation of the recent revaluation and the process and
   procedures used to develop the assessed values for all property in town.

   Intended Users of Report
   Intended users include local assessing officials and real estate appraisers, and other assessors.

   It may also be used by the public on a more general level to understand the process, facts,
   and methods used to estimate values.

   What This Report is Not Intended to Do
   It is not intended to answer all possible questions, but rather to document the revaluation in
   general terms and enable the local assessor to answer more detailed questions which may not
   be readily apparent to the average property owner.




                                               PAGE 3
                    SECTION 1
  SAMPLE CERTIFICATION, CONTRACT, SCOPE OF WORK
A. Sample Certification
Dear Board Members:

The attached Cyclical Revaluation Report is hereby provided to the Town of Weare for an
effective date of new values of 4/1/2026.

Avitar appraised all taxable property (fee simple) within the municipality according to NH Revised
Statute Annotated (RSA) 75:1 (unless departure from highest & best use is noted on the property
record card or pursuant to state law) and appraised all tax exempt and non-taxable property within
the jurisdiction of this municipality in the same manner as taxable property. Avitar verified all
sales used as a benchmark for this town wide valuation. When developing the value of a leased fee
estate or a leasehold estate, we analyze the effect on value, if any, of (1) the terms and conditions
of the lease, and (2) the effect on value, if any, of the assemblage of the various parcels, divided
interest or component parts of a property. The resulting assessments are my opinion as of the
effective date of this agreement, of each property’s most probable market value based on all the
local sales data analyzed, and my experience with and opinion of that data, as well as similar
circumstances experienced elsewhere.

I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge and belief, the following:
   •   The statements of fact contained in this report are true and correct.
   •   The reported assumptions and limiting conditions are my impartial and unbiased
       professional analyses, opinions, and conclusions.
   •   I have no present or prospective interest in any property that is the subject of this report,
       and I have no personal interest with respect to the parties involved, nor any bias with
       respect to any property that is the subject of this report or to the parties involved with this
       assignment.
   •   My engagement in this assignment and compensation for completing this task, although
       contingent upon developing and reporting predetermined statistical results, was not
       contingent upon the resulting assessment of any individual property.
   •   My analyses, opinions, and conclusions were developed, and this report has been prepared,
       in conformity with the NH State Law in effect as of the date of the signed contract, to the
       best of my knowledge.
   •   I have made a personal viewing of the properties, per the contract and scope of services
       agreement that are the subject of this report, and I or members of my staff have inspected
       each building’s interior when allowed.
   •   I certify that the total taxable value of the town is $

       Signature: _______________________________ Date: ________________________




                                               PAGE 4
B. Contract & Scope of Work


                                 CYCLICAL UPDATE AGREEMENT

SUBJECT: Cyclical (properties previously measured and listed under separate contract - See 1/23 to
12/27 5 Year Agreement Signed Jan. 2023) Update of all taxable, tax exempt and non-taxable property for
tax assessment purposes, in accordance with the standards set forth in the laws of the State of New
Hampshire and Administrative Rules adopted by the Department of Revenue Administration (DRA) and
the Assessing Standards Board (ASB), in effect at the time of execution.

Weare, NH, a municipal corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of New
Hampshire, hereinafter called the Municipality; and Avitar Associates of NE, Inc, a business
organization existing under the laws of the State of New Hampshire and having a principal place of
business at 150 Suncook Valley Highway, Chichester, NH 03258 hereinafter called the Company,
hereby mutually agree as follows:

                                    GENERAL PROVISIONS
1.   IDENTIFICATION
     1.1 Name of Municipality:                     Town of Weare
     1.2 Address of-Municipality:                  15 Flanders Memorial Road
                                                   Weare, NH 03281
     1.3 Contact Email:                            mgreen@wearenh.gov
                                                   -------------------
     1.4 Contracting Officer for the Municipality: -------------------
                                                   Board of Selectmen
     1. 5 Telephone Number:                       -------------------
                                                  (603) 529-1515
     1. 6 Name of Company:                         Avitar Associates of NE, Inc.
     1.7 Address of Company:                       150 Suncook Valley Highway
                                                   Chichester, NH 03258
     1.8 Telephone & Fax Numbers:                  (603) 798-4419 Fax (603) 798-4263
     1.9 Name and Title of Company Signer:         Loren J. Martin, Director of Assessing Operations or
                                                   Chad Roberge, Co-CEO or Evan Roberge, Co-CEO
     1.10 Contact Email:                           loren@avitarassociates.com

2.     GENERAL SERVICES TO BE PERFORMED BY THE COMPANY
       2.1 Appraise all property.
           2.1.1 To appraise all taxable property within the municipality in a good and workmanlike
                 manner according to New Hampshire Revised Statutes 75: 1.

              2.1.2 To appraise all tax exempt and non-taxable property (RSA 74:2) within the taxing
                    jurisdiction of the Municipality in the same manner as taxable property.

              2.1.3 The Company shall measure, list and verify all sales used as benchmarks for the
                    update process, unless otherwise noted in the addendum section of this contract.



                                                 PAGE 5
PAGE 6
PAGE 7
PAGE 8
PAGE 9
PAGE 10
PAGE 11
PAGE 12
PAGE 13
PAGE 14
PAGE 15
PAGE 16
C. Introduction to Data Collection
The task of the Building Measurer and Lister, or Data Collector as we refer to them, is to collect
data pertaining to:

       Square footage
       Exterior and interior characteristics
       Overall quality and condition of all building and land

Data Collectors are extremely important and are an integral part of the revaluation process. The
data they collect is used to establish the fair market value of properties for ad valorem taxation.
Therefore, it is critical that such data be collected accurately and consistently to the best of their
ability. The degree of accuracy obtained will directly reflect the overall quality of the individual
appraisal, as well as the entire town wide revaluation.

In many instances, it is only the Data Collector whom the homeowner meets. Their ability to be
courteous and professional lends credibility to the entire job. Conversely, a non-professional and
discourteous attitude will create a very negative atmosphere throughout the town and promote
distrust, and as such, it is not tolerated.

Our staff is well trained, most with numerous years of experience. They are trained to measure and
list all physical information, as well as note abnormalities in building or land condition for the
Assessor Supervisor’s use on final review. Not all items noted or measured will directly impact
value but are noted for consistency and accuracy. A picture of the building, waterfront, or view
may be taken at this time to be attached to the property record card.

All personnel carry Company ID badges, and their vehicles are marked with signs “Avitar
Municipal Services”. The Town Hall staff and/or the Police Department are notified of all staff
working in the town and maintain the identity of and vehicle registrations for each employee.




                                               PAGE 17
Data Collection Form (DCF) Sample
The Data Collection Field Document is a form onto which all information about the parcel is
written. Each designated lot on a tax map should have a corresponding DCF. If a DCF is lacking
for a lot, one is created.




                                           PAGE 18
Map - Lot - Sublot: Owner - Location - City - State
This information is important and serves to identify the lot, location, and corresponding owner.
This information is supplied by the town, generally in the form of computerized labels which are
transferred to the DCF. When in the field, it is very important to determine if the information
written on the label is accurate. If there are any discrepancies, it is noted on the DCF. Mapping
and ownership problems must be identified, and it is the town’s responsibility to resolve these
discrepancies. If information is missing, accurate information is obtained so that the label is
complete.

In addition to map and owner information, a special code or account number may occasionally be
found on the label and is used by the town. Original DCF’s should not be destroyed. If a new one
is needed, it is stapled behind the original. This eliminates the possibility of errors being made
when copying the label information onto the new DCF.

Date - Book - Page - Grantor - Q/U - Code - Sale Price
This section is used to describe recent sale information, when available. When it exists, it is
verified and noted on the DCF with a code of “VBO” meaning Verified by Owner. If no sales
exist, we question the homeowner as to how long they have owned the property. If less than three
years, sales information is obtained directly from the owner.

During our introduction to the property owner, we include the following or something similar:

      Approximately when was the home built and how long have you owned it?

      If they are new owners (within the past three years), we request and write down the
      date of the purchase, from whom the home was purchased, and whether or not other
      items were included in the sale such as boats, furniture, beach rights, if near water, etc.,
      and if changes were made to the property after the sale, which are noted appropriately.

Arm’s Length Sale = Willing seller and willing buyer, both of whom are knowledgeable
concerning all the uses of the property and having no previous relation and neither are under any
undo duress.

It is indicated on the DCF if any information relative to the sale or other circumstances causing
the selling price to be abnormally high or low is known.

It should be noted that some property owners may be reluctant to offer information regarding their
purchase, as such; it is not always noted on the DCF.

Listing History
This section is for the date, the assessor’s initials, the reason they were there, and the action taken.
Listed below are codes of various actions. Characters one and two are the initials of assessor/data
collector, three is why they were there, and four is the action taken.

i.e.: “04/04/2007 JDVL” indicates that Jane Doe visited the property on April 4, 2007, for the
update, and measured and listed the property.




                                                PAGE 19
    Third Character/Why                                   Fourth Character/Action
A = Abatement/Appeal                          E = Estimate
C = Callback                                  L = Measure & Listed or just listed after a previous
                                                  measure/or used on vacant property to prevent
                                                  a future unnecessary list letter.
H = Hearing                                   P = New Construction/Pickup
S = Subdivision                               M = Measure Only
T = Town/Taxpayer Request                     R = Reviewed
U = Update                                    X = Refusal with notes
V = Verification Process

   Used with 3rd Character H only
   C = Change used w/Hearing Only
   N = No Change used w/Hearing Only

INSP – The CAMA System applies this code to properties selected for Data Verification, in either
the Random Select Process or Block Formation Process.

Actions
       E = ESTIMATED - Interior characteristics are estimated when entry is not possible, either
       now or in the future. Some common reasons for estimating interiors are:
          • Attempted to obtain a list at two different times and no one has been present.
          • Homeowner has declined to allow an interior inspection, or to give information
              about the interior that was requested, or information given was questionable.
          • Abandoned buildings.
          • Posted properties.

       L = LISTED - A person (not necessarily a homeowner) was asked questions about the
       property, and a walk through of the entire dwelling was made. If the owner declines to help
       by not allowing an interior tour or requesting us to leave the property, all such information
       is clearly noted on the DCF.

       M = MEASURED only.

       R = REVIEWED - Generally there for an abatement, appeal, or comparable research and
       review of property information. Refers to exterior review only.

       X = REFUSED - Homeowner or person talked to at the property has declined to:
          • Allow the building to be measured.
          • Allow a walk-through of the home.
          • Or, requested we leave the property.

It should be noted that these codes apply only to property visits performed as part of this update.




                                              PAGE 20
Listing the Property
Commercial & Industrial (C/I) Properties
If the Mass Income Approach to Value is employed, each C/I property must be visited to determine
the appropriate category the property fits in to (i.e. retail, offices, apartment, etc.). Because this
process is subjective, the Supervisor is the control and determines how each property compares to
the average in that category of properties. Each property must be further defined within the
category to determine its building and location modifiers (average, good, poor, etc.). Properties
are rated relative to their category of property. For example, a good location for a retail business
may not be a good location for an apartment or vice versa and the Supervisor must compare each
C/I property to the average for that category of property and determine if the property reviewed is
better or worse than the average. – Move to another section?

Building Site & Land Topography Descriptions

Building Site

   Undeveloped/Wooded          A tract of land that is not improved with water, septic (or sewer), or
                               electric.

   Undeveloped/Cleared         Same as undeveloped wooded, but an area that could be a house site
                               that is cleared of trees or is a field.

   Natural         Often found on seasonal/camp style properties and at times, on some year round
                   homes. Typically, have little to no landscape features.

   Fair            Normally lacks lawn area and due to limited site conditions like topography,
                   may have undesirable site, normally below average lacking landscape.

   Average         Typical landscaping features consisting of lawn area and some typical
                   ornamental features such as trees or shrubbery or minor garden/flower beds.

   Good            Typically consists of nice lawn area, desirable ornamental features such as trees,
                   shrubbery or garden/flower beds, or minor amounts of stonewalls, walkways,
                   or lighting.

   Very Good       Typically nice, landscaped lawn & ornamental shrubbery professionally
                   designed or a non-professional, well designed layout with some or all of the
                   above.

   Excellent       More expansive or manicured lawn areas and ornamental shrubs and trees or
                   contain stonewalls or stone walkways or pond areas in a generally well laid out
                   professional looking design.

   Best            Extensive manicured lawn areas that include a combination of extensive
                   trees/shrubs, well laid out gardens/flower beds and stonewalls and/or stone
                   walls and/or pond areas in a well-designed professional looking landscape.




                                               PAGE 21
Topography    Applied to the total area noted on the landline. For example, land line 1 has 2 acres
              and the home site is level, but the backyard has rolling areas, the topography may
              be listed as a “blended” mild for that area.

   Level       Flat, no hills, little to no ups or downs.

   Mild        Mostly level topography with minor slopes and/or very gentle rolling topography.

   Rolling     Typically rolling terrain with ups and downs or terraced areas or minor grade
               changes.

   Moderate    Can have level areas, but predominately sloping topography which can be
               typically overcome by development, but costs are typically higher. Slopes can be
               readily walked, and most people typically could control themselves if they fell on
               the slope.

   Steep       Typically highly sloping terrain but not as severe as severe slopes. Development
               costs are typically higher but developable with added costs. Generally difficult to
               walk, but can be safely walked with care.

   Severe      Typically extreme sloping topography that would normally be viewed as
               unbuildable due to extremely high site costs for well, septic, driveways, and home
               site creation. A typical person would not be able to walk or climb easily.

Driveway      Gravel/Dirt; Nat/Grass; Paved; Undeveloped.

Road          Gravel/Dirt; Paved; Undeveloped.




                                             PAGE 22
                                              VIEWS


                           WIDTH                                                V
                                                                                       DEPTH
                                                                                i
                                                                                e
                                T                                               w
                                U                                                   Top 25 º +/- D25
                                N
                                N                                           V
                                E                                           i
                                L                                           e
                                                                            w
                             NARROW                                                 Top 50 º +/- D50
                                                                        V
                             AVERAGE                                    i
                                                                        e
                               WIDE
                                                                        w           Top 75 º +/- D75
                            PANORAMIC                               V
                                                                    i
                                                                    e
                                                                    w                Full 100% D100


SUBJECT *                  DISTANCE
LAK Lakes                  CLS (or NER)      Close or Near – Trees are visible and distinguishable
MTS Mountains              DST               Distant – You know there are trees, but they are not
                                             distinguishable
HLS    Hills           EXT                   Extreme – no visual ability to distinguish tree cover
PST    Pastoral
STR    Streams/Rivers
LMT    Lakes & Mountains

*Descriptions can vary by town and are defined in the cost tables

View note samples: Noted as Subject/Width/Depth/Distance

           MTS/TUN/D75/DST (Tunnel View of Mountains, 75% Deep, Far Away)

The factors applied are all listed and defined in Section 9.




                                              PAGE 23
Building Style & Normal Story Height
Building Style*             Predominate Story Height
A-Frame                     One, 1-1/2
Camp                        One Story
Cape                        1-1/2, 1-3/4 Story
Colonial/Garrison           2 Story/2 Story with Overhang
Conventional                1-3/4 - 2-3/4
Gambrel                     1-3/4, 2 Story/2.5 Story if greater than 1-3/4 but not quite 2 stories,
                            will be listed as 2 story and will have a wall height (WH)
                            depreciation noted to account for the fact it is not a full 2nd story.
Mobile Home                 One Story
Raised Ranch or Split Level One Story w/Raised Basement
Ranch                       One Story
Saltbox                     1-3/4 Story
Tri-Level                   Split-Level
*Building styles are for descriptive purposes only and do not affect the value.

Coding
A three (3) character acronym coding system is used to classify areas and story heights of
buildings. The following is the coding system and descriptions which are used in identifying areas
of the sketch:
ATF*     Attic Finished - Access is through permanent stairs, normally no more than 25% of the
         total floor area and has 6 foot ceiling height.
ATU      Attic Unfinished - No interior finish. (Same as above)
BMF*     Basement Finished - Below grade and meets at least three of these four criteria: finished
         floors, finished walls, finished ceilings, and heat.
BMG      Basement Garage - Generally sectioned off from the rest of the basement but not a
         requirement.
BMU      Basement Unfinished - Known as a cellar and is below grade. Floor can be dirt or
         concrete.
COF      Commercial Office - Refers to office area in commercial buildings not built as offices,
         such as factories and warehouses.
CPT      Carport - A roofed structure generally with 1 or 2 walls, attached to the main structure.
CRL      Crawl - Basement having 5' or less headroom.
CTH      Cathedral Ceiling Area - This is where the ceiling height is greater than 12 feet.
DEK      Deck - An open deck or entrance landing with no roof.
ENT      Entrance - Entrance Landing with no roof, 3x3 and larger, normally unable to place a
         chair and sit.




                                             PAGE 24
EPF      Enclosed Porch - Typically unheated & uninsulated area. May have small heater, finished
         walls, floors and ceilings, but is of seasonal use.
EPU      Covered Basement Entry - All four sides are tight to weather, entrance to BMU, other
         than metal door (bulkheads).
FFF*     First Floor Finished - Living space with full ceiling height and finished interior.
FFU      First Floor Unfinished - Similar to FFF, but unfinished interior.
GAR      Garage - A structure large enough to hold and store automobiles at grade level.
HSF*     Half Story Finished - Usually an upper level story with approximately 40% to 60% of
         floor area available and used for living space. (6 foot ceiling height).
HSU      Half Story Unfinished - Same as HSF, but interior is unfinished.
LDK      Loading Dock area. Raised platform of cement.
OFF      Office Area - Finished area within home used primarily for business.
OPF      Open Porch - Roof structure with floor, but at least one (1) side is exposed to the weather.
         Screened porches are considered OPF’s.
PAT      Patio - Area of stone, cement, brick, etc.
PRS      Piers - Piling driven into the ground or other material used to support a building off the
         ground. Normally found with camps or seasonal construction.
RBF*     Raised Basement Finished - Used on raised ranch (split entry) and Tri-Level homes or
         any building where 3 of the 4 walls or all 4 walls are 3' to 4' above ground, creating
         greater utility than a normal basement, or 1.5 or more walls with large windows providing
         good natural lighting in the basement, and walkout access.
RBU      Raised Basement Unfinished - Same as RBF, but unfinished.
SFA      Semi-Finished Area - Enclosed areas finished similar to living space, but not living space,
         such as indoor pool enclosures.
SLB      Slab - Foundation description where no basement or crawl space exist. Poured cement
         slab.
STO      Storage - Unfinished area used for storage. Not easily converted to living space.
TQF*     3/4 Story Finished - A finished area with approximately 75% of floor area usable as living
         space.
TQU      3/4 Story Unfinished - Same as TQF, except unfinished.
UFF*     Upper Floor Finished - Upper floor living space with full ceiling height and finished
         interior.
UFU      Upper Floor Unfinished - Same as UFF, except there is no finished interior.
VLT      Vaulted Ceiling - Ceilings which are slanted or extended above the normal 8 feet, but
         less than 12 feet.
*Finished area is denoted by 3 or 4 finishes in a space – heat, floors, walls, and ceilings.




                                               PAGE 25
Notes
   1.) Attics - Attics are only classified if they are accessed by a permanent stairway. Attics
       which are accessed by pull down stairs or ladder are not assessed, but should be noted in
       the notes.

   2.) Basements - Below grade areas with at least 5' or more headroom are considered
       basements. Areas with less than 5' of headroom are considered crawl space. A note should
       be made when access to the basement is from the outside of the home only. Usable
       basement areas should be measured, drawn and coded on the sketch. If basement areas are
       estimated, a note should be made of this estimate in the remarks section.

   3.) Office Areas - Office areas should be measured and drawn on the sketch for all
       commercial buildings, not designed specifically for offices, i.e. garages, warehouses,
       factories, etc.

   4.) Cathedral Ceilings - Cathedral ceiling areas must be measured when entry into the home
       is obtained. The area of the cathedral ceiling (length and width) must be drawn and
       depicted in the sketch area.

   5.) Vaulted Ceilings - Areas where the ceiling is pitched upward, not flat by about 2 to 5 feet,
       but less than one-story which is the typical height of a cathedral ceiling.

Structural Elements
Structural elements describe exterior and interior characteristics of the house. The following is a
description list of each structural element:

Exterior Walls - Two (2) entries possible, the 2 most predominate
Above Average:         Siding not otherwise described and reflecting better than average quality.
                       Vinyl shakes are denoted as above average.
Aluminum Siding:       Same as vinyl but with aluminum material, clapboard style siding made
                       from aluminum.
Asbestos Shingle:      Typically, the shingles are hard and brittle with noticeable grain or textured
                       surface, non-flammable material that comes in 1x2 sections used in homes
                       circa 1940 - 1960's.
Asphalt:               Asphalt composition shingle, usually on modest housing.
Average:               Siding not otherwise described and reflecting average quality. For
                       comparison purposes other average quality sidings include novelty, board
                       & batten, and clapboard. All forms of softwood.
Below Average:         Siding not otherwise described and reflecting less than average quality, i.e.
                       masonite or rough sawn lumber w/bark.
Board & Batten:        Vertical boards with narrow wooden strips called battens covering the
                       joists.
Brick on Masonry:      A load bearing structural wall. Not brick buildings.



                                              PAGE 26
Brick on Veneer:      Brick veneer on wood or metal frame construction with wood sheathing.
Cedar or Redwood:     Most commonly found as vertical siding, or at various angles on
                      contemporary style housing, also exist as very high grade clapboard or
                      shingles can have knots on low side of cedar/redwood.
Cement Clapboard:     Cement fiber siding. Asbestos-free fiber and cement combined and pressed
                      together in the shape of a clapboard. Holds paint very well.
Clapboard:            Wood siding having one edge thicker than the other and laid so that the thick
                      edge overlaps the thin edge of the previous board, not cedar or redwood,
                      usually has knots.
Concrete/Cinder:      Concrete or cinderblock siding.
Decorative Block:     Cement block that is either fluted or has a rough finish which appears like
                      it has been broken in half.
Glass/Thermopane:     Vacuum packed glass sandwich, usually tinted and commonly found on
                      large commercial and office buildings.
Logs:                 Logs that are not simulated log.
Masonite:             Composite pressboard/fiberboard, if not maintained will show areas of rot.
                      In some systems may be noted as below average.
Minimum:              Plywood. Sub wall sheathing with tar paper cover as a permanent siding.
Novelty:              Denotes wood siding, generally found on camps, with or without sheathing
                      underneath.
Prefab Wood Panel: A type of plywood siding of which there are unlimited varieties on the
                   market. (T-111) Typically, a 4x8 sheet.
Pre-Finished Metal:   Enameled or anodized metal commonly found on campers, mobile homes,
                      and commercial and industrial buildings.
Solid Brick/Stone:    Solid masonry walls, precast concrete panels.
Stone on Masonry:     Refers to various stone or stone veneers usually on a load bearing masonry
                      wall.
Stucco:               Stucco veneer on concrete, cinder block, or wood.
Vinyl Siding:         Clapboards made of vinyl with various grades or qualities. Typical siding
                      used in today's construction due to low cost when compared to cedar
                      clapboard.
Wood Shingle:         Shingles not of cedar or redwood, good quality shingles, but not above
average.

Roof Structures
Flat Roof:            Flat, no pitch to any direction.
Gable:                A ridged roof with two pitches sloping away from each other.
Gambrel:              A roof with two distant slopes on each side forming four roof planes.




                                             PAGE 27
Hip:                    A roof that rises by inclined planes from all four sides of the house to one
                        common ridge or point.
Irregular:              Otherwise not described and having many different angles, shapes and
                        slopes, i.e. bow style roof.
Mansard:                Similar to hip roof, but having a flat area on the top or changes the pitch of
                        incline part way.
Saltbox:                Essentially the same as a gable roof, but one of the two slopes is much
                        longer than the other.
Shed Roof:              Single direction sloping.

Roof Cover
Asbestos:               Shingles of rigid fireproof asbestos. This is typically laid in a diamond
                        pattern. It is very brittle and used in homes circa 1940-1960's.
Asphalt:                Standard type of shingle used today. It can be single, or three-tab. Includes
                        architectural style shingles.
Clay/Tile:              Terra Cotta roofs that are not typically found in New England.
Corrugated Composition:          It is typically in 4'x8' sheets. This includes Anjuline panels.
High Quality / Composition: This is a newer roof that is typically found on higher priced homes.
                            The material can be made with almost any material. Pressed or
                            formed to look like slate or shake. Life expectancy is 50 years.
Metal/Tin:              Tin or metal covering, often times corrugated like ribbon candy, typically
                        4x8 sheets, light gauge.
Prefab Metal:           Modified corrugated metal panels that are one piece which run from ridge
                        to soffit. These are either nailed or screwed.
Rubber Membrane:        A thin sheet of rubber seamed together. Typically found on flat roofs. It is
                        typical for commercial/industrial buildings.
Slate Shingles:         Rectangular pieces of slate, each overlapping the other.
Standing Seam:          Heavy gauge metal roofing that “stands up” at seams about 2", every 6-8
                        inches in an upside down cone fashion with a 50 year life.
Tar/Gravel:             A flat or very low pitched roof coated with tar material and then covered by
                        a uniform crushed gravel material. This is normally seen on
                        commercial/industrial buildings.
Wood Shingles:          Wood shingle or shake. Wood shakes have random thickness as they are
                        hand split.

Interior Walls - Two (2) entries possible, the 2 most predominate
Average for Use:        Is generally used for commercial/industrial buildings to describe the interior
                        finish as being normal for that style building and use.
Drywall:                A rigid sandwich of plaster and paper.




                                                 PAGE 28
Masonry/Minimum: Cinder block or concrete form/or studs, no finish.
Plaster:              All plaster backed by wood lattice attached to the studs.
Plywood Panel:        4' x 8' plywood panel sheathing comes in many grades and styles.
Wall Board:           Composition 4' x 8' sheets, such as Celotex, typically found in manufactured
                      homes, low quality, typically 1/8”.
**Wood/Log:           Tongue & groove construction, logs, wainscoting.

**Custom Wood is now being called Wood/Log. Custom Wood was meant and used to mean solid
wood interior, and the term custom was improperly used. As such, it is being corrected. The term
custom wood and wood/log are synonymous, interchangeable, and carry the same value. The
overall quality grade of the house accounts for various wood and design qualities.

Heating Fuel
Electric:      Baseboards or geothermal.
Gas:           LP or propane gas. These can be identified by LP gas which has a meter on the side
               of the house or propane gas will have a large tank on or in the ground.
Oil:           May be identified on the exterior by the presence of oil filler pipes. Kerosene or K1
               are also oil fuel.
Solar:         Solar panels can be viewed on the roof area.
Wood/Coal:     Chosen only if there is no conventional heating system. Wood stoves only. (Such
               as in camps or cottages).

Heating Type
Convection:               Heat transfer through dispersion. (Wood stove, monitor, or Rinnai type
                          heat).
Forced Air Ducted:        Series of ducts throughout the house, for hot air to be blown through.
Forced Air Not Ducted: Has blower to blow heat through one vent. No duct work in the house.
Geothermal Heat:          Listed as electric under heat fuel and heat pump under heat type.
Heat Pump:                Electric unit which provides forced air heat, usually combined with
                          central air conditioning. Newer heat pump units being installed are
                          valued similarly and will be adjusted to account for the percentage of
                          the home that is cooled, i.e. 25%, 50%, 75%, or 100%.
Hot Water:                Forced hot water through baseboards.
Radiant Electric:         Electric baseboard, typical electric heat, oil heat supplied through floors,
                          panels in the walls or ceilings.
Radiant Water:            Hot water heat in the floors by tubing under flooring with hot water
                          through them.
Steam:                    Radiators.




                                              PAGE 29
Interior Flooring - Two (2) entries possible, the 2 most predominate
Average for Use:     Is generally used for commercial/industrial buildings to describe the floor as
                     being normal for this type of structure and use.
Carpet:              Wall to wall carpet of good grade, usually found over the subfloor material,
                     but occasionally covering other floor covers as a replacement.
Concrete:            Concrete slab usually commercial or industrial.
Hard Tiles:          Quarry, ceramic tiles, or polished and/or stamped concrete.
Hardwood:            Generally oak, cherry, maple, birch, bamboo, or ash woods.
Laminate/Vinyl:      A laminate wood look floor that is very durable. Often goes by brand name
                     Pergo. This also includes higher grade vinyl floors, i.e. tongue & groove
                     planks.
Linoleum:            Refers to all forms of linoleum type products of various designs and shapes.
                     Typically sold in rolls or sheets.
Minimum Plywood:        Plywood subfloor or underlayment.
Parquet Flooring:       Refers to a surface made of small pieces of hardwood, solids, and veneers
                        in various patterns and designs.
Pine or Softwoods:      Pine or softwood boards covering floor area.
VCT:                    Vinyl composition floor tile is a commercial grade vinyl tile found
                        typically in schools or commercial buildings.

Number of Bedrooms
Bedrooms should be counted considering the resale value rather than the homeowner’s personal
use of the rooms. For example, if you go upstairs and find three (3) rooms and a bathroom and the
owner says there are only two (2) bedrooms, the other room is used as a library, sewing room,
office, etc., then for our purposes, that third room is a third bedroom. One must be careful because
libraries, offices and sewing rooms can be legitimate depending on the location in the house and
access. Presence of a closet space generally is reason to classify as a bedroom(s). However, it
should be noted that a closet is not the only measure to determine, i.e.: many homes had no closets
in the bedroom, yet they are still classified as bedrooms. Below grade (basement level) bedrooms
are not generally counted in bedroom count unless the bedroom has 2 means of ingress/egress.
Generally, just noted i.e. did not pick up (DNPU) 1 bedroom in basement.

Bathrooms or Bedrooms
Count the physical number of rooms and total fixtures. For bathrooms, enter the number of rooms
and under fixtures, enter the total number of fixtures found in the bathroom(s). A fixture is a
bathtub, sink, tub/shower combo, shower, urinal, bidet, whirlpool tub, etc.




                                              PAGE 30
                               *Commercial Baths
                               0 = None
                               .5= Minimum
                               1 = Below average for use
                               2 = Average for use
                               3 = Above average for use
                               4 = Extensive for use

*This is used on commercial properties that lack bedrooms, i.e. an apartment building would list
total bedrooms and total baths, but a school would be noted using commercial bath description.

Generators
Number of units found and denoted in the building section. Notes on size and model should be
made.

Extra Kitchen
Number of kitchens that exist beyond the first/main kitchen in the home. This is normally seen in
in-law apartments or additional living areas. Note the number of full kitchens found in the building.
Be cautions of in-law type setups that do not have a full kitchen but maybe some kitchen
components.

Air Condition Systems
Room air conditioners are not considered, unless permanently built in.

   NO:     None exist, or only room units are present.

   YES: Normally a large compressor found outside with complete duct work throughout house
        or parts of the house, sometimes combined with a heat pump.

If a permanent wall unit is found, it will be noted as central air and an estimated percentage of the
cooled area will be noted, i.e. 25%, 50%, 75% or 100%.

Number of Stories
The number of stories should be identified and noted on the DCF upon measuring. The number of
stories will be further adjusted for accuracy, if needed, upon listing or review. If the building has
multiple story heights, the area with the most square footage should determine the overall story
height classification. However, each section of the house should be correctly labeled as it exists
on the sketch.

Quality Adjustment
Quality adjustment refers to the overall quality of construction, marketability, and desirability of
the property. This is determined by the Assessor Supervisor. The data collector may question it to
the Supervisor based on his/her visual, but only the Supervisor can change.




                                              PAGE 31
       Defined as:     B5 = Average -50%                 A3 = Average +30%
                       B4 = Average -40%                 A4 = Excellent
                       B3 = Average -30%                 A5 = Excellent +10%
                       B2 = Average -20%                 A6 = Excellent +20%
                       B1 = Average -10%                 A7 = Excellent +40%
                       A0 = Average                      A8 = Excellent +60%
                       A1 = Average +10%                 A9 = Luxurious
                       A2 = Average +20%                 AA = Special Use

Condition
Condition relates to the primary structures condition relative to the year built listed as:

       Excellent | Very Good | Good | Average | Fair | Poor | Very Poor

This is also where depreciation is accounted for. Depreciation is defined as a decrease or loss in
value because of wear, age, location, or other causes.

Defined as:
       Functional      Based on problems with design, layout and/or use of building, i.e. bathroom
                       between two adjacent bedrooms with no hallway access to bathroom,
                       bedroom through bedroom access, very low ceiling, or chimney through
                       middle of the room.

       Economic        Based on factors influencing value that are external to the building and
                       beyond the owner’s control, i.e. house is situated close to a nightclub,
                       airport, dump, sand & gravel pit, or any unsightly property.

       Physical        Poor physical condition above and beyond the normal wear and tear, i.e.
                       severe water damage, fire damage, rotted window sills, bouncing, cupping
                       or crowning floorboards, or sagging ceiling or floor.

The percentage applied to depreciation is calculated based on the severity of the issues as noted by
the data collector and the Supervisor makes this determination based on the notes. The reason for
the depreciation, i.e. next to gravel pit, should be listed in the notes section with the appropriate
adjustment in the depreciation section. Typically, physical depreciation relates to the cost to cure
the problem.

Extra Features & Outbuildings (XFOB)
Extra features and outbuildings - In general, XFOB refers to structures that are not attached to the
principal building with the exception of fireplaces found in the home as they may be listed here or
in the building section. XFOB’s must be:
            a. Identified.
            b. Measured - (length & width).
            c. Units or quantity (how many) identified (when length & width not used).
            d. Condition - noted as a percentage.




                                               PAGE 32
IGP – In Ground Pool:           There are many different sizes of IGP’s, and all will need to be
                                measured accurately. Pools may be of irregular shapes such as
                                kidney bean. A kidney bean shape IGP should be measured on its
                                longest length and its average width, and noted as such.

AGP – Above Ground Pool:        AGP’s are measured and assessed starting at 18’ diameter. AGP’s
                                less than 18’ in diameter (or less than 250 square feet) are not
                                assessed, but should be measured and noted on the card. Soft pools
                                are not measured, but should be noted.

        Common AGP diameters and AREA calculators for round pools.
                 Diameter     Area (Units)  Length          Width
                 18’          254           18’             14’
                 20’          314           20’             15’
                 22’          380           22’             17’
                 24’          452           24’             18’
                 27’          572           27’             21’
                 28’          615           28’             22’

Deck:              Deck refers to platforms that are not attached to the primary building. Some
                   decks will be attached to the above ground pools.

Solar Panels:      Can be of the photovoltaic (PV) (electric type) or Hot Water (H2O). Identified
                   by type, location, number of panels, and age, if available. Atypical size &
                   physical condition should be noted.

Market data suggests solar panels contribute to market value. Government and other incentives
commonly available to the property owner are taken into consideration when developing the initial
assessed value. Industry representatives suggest that newly installed panels have a life expectancy
of at least 25 years, so the following depreciation schedule is used with a floor factor of 25%:

                              Age                      Condition Factor
                              1-5 Years                      100
                              6-10 Years                     85
                              11-15 Years                    70
                              16-20 Years                    55
                              21-25 Years                    40
                              25+ Years                      25

It should be noted that solar panels may have differing condition factors to account for atypical
sizes or noted physical condition issues.

All XFOB’s are measured with the exception of the following:
    1. Child’s playhouse
    2. Tree houses
    3. Ice or Bob houses




                                             PAGE 33
   4.   Bulkheads - metal doors covering the entrance to the basement
   5.   Dog houses
   6.   Fire escape platforms
   7.   Handicap ramps
   8.   Metal storage boxes (or trailer bodies) on residential property
   9.   Outhouses

All XFOB’s not picked up should still be noted. i.e. DNPU treehouse.

Story Height Explanation and Examples
The story heights are based on the amount of floor space which has headroom for the average
person, we use six (6) feet for this calculation. What this means is if the upper floor of a particular
house has only 100 usable square feet as defined above, and the first floor area is 400 square feet,
then the house will be classified as one (1) story with a finished or unfinished attic.

The critical thing to notice when listing the house is the amount of headroom available in the upper
stories and the approximate floor space covered. Use of this method to classify story height will
facilitate consistent story height classification. The story height of the main section of the building
is used to establish the story height description of the structure.

One Story (Typically – Ranch, Raised Ranch, or Camp style buildings): The living area in
this type of residence is confined to the ground floor. The headroom in the attic is usually too low
for use as a living area and is used for storage only. However, attics are possible providing about
25% of the first floor space

                                                      1 STORY FRAME
                                                      Ranch - Camp or comparable structures.
                                                      No second floor or attic space.




                                               PAGE 34
                                                 1 STORY FRAME & ATTIC
                                                 Mixture of Ranch & Cape Cod Style.
                                                 Camps, Cottages & Mixtures. Low
                                                 headroom. Only about 25% of the first
                                                 floor space has 6' headroom on the
                                                 upper floor. Noted in story height as
                                                 1-1/2 story.




One & Half Story (Typically – Cape, Conventional, or Saltbox style buildings): The living
area in the upper level of this type of residence is around 50% of the ground floor. This is made
possible by a combination of high peaked roof, extended wall heights and/or dormers. Only
the upper level area with a ceiling height of 6 feet or more is considered living area.
Measurements are taken by holding the tape at the 6 foot height mark and then measuring
across the building. The living area of this residence is the ground floor area times 1.50. Some
homes may be classified with a half story but have less than 50% useable space and classified
as ATU or ATF in the sketch.

Example A
                                                 1-1/2 STORY FRAME
                                                 Same basic structure as above with or
                                                 without shed dormers. In both cases
                                                 only about 50% of the ground floor
                                                 space exists in the upper floor as
                                                 useable space with 6' wall height. Floor
                                                 space may be larger, but ceiling slope
                                                 brings the floor to ceiling height less
                                                 than 6', and as a result, it is not
                                                 considered upper floor area. See
                                                 Example A & B

Example B




                                          PAGE 35
One & Three Quarter Stories (Typically - Cape, Conventional, Garrison, or Gambrel style
buildings): The living area in the upper level of this type of residence is made from 65% to 90%
of the ground floor. This is made possible by a combination of high peaked roof, extended wall
heights and/or dormers. Only the upper level area with a ceiling height of 6 feet or more is
considered living area. The living area of this residence is the ground floor times 1.75. See
description on 1-1/2 stories for details on how to measure.

   Example A
                                              1-3/4 STORY FRAME
                                              Full shed dormer or very high pitch roof
                                              without dormer found throughout the state.
                                              Second floor area is about 75% or more of
                                              the first floor area.
                                              See Example A & B




   Example B




Two Stories (Typically - Colonial, Conventional, or Gambrel style buildings): The living area
in the upper level of this type of residence is 90% to 100% of the ground floor. The living area is
the ground floor times 2.0.

                                              2 STORY FRAME
                                              Side walls fully perpendicular. Slopes in ceiling
                                              do not interfere with total use. Full ground area
                                              carried to second floor, have 6' or greater ceiling
                                              height.




                                             PAGE 36
                                               2 STORY FRAME & ATTIC
                                               Has a higher pitch in roof. Stairs to third
                                               floor, providing only about 25% useable
                                               space in the 3rd floor attic area. Noted as 2.5
                                               stories in story height.




Split Levels (Typically - Tri-Level style buildings): This type of residence has two (2) or (3)
living area levels. One area is about four (4) feet below grade and the second is about (4) feet
above grade and the third is above or right on top of one of these. The lower level in this type of
residence was originally designed and built to serve as a living area and not a basement. Both
levels have full ceiling heights. Another variation is an added third living area at or above ground
level.

                                                     3 STORY FRAME
                                                     All floors perpendicular walls, equal
                                                     useable living space on all three floors.




                                                             Tri-level - 2 story type
                                                             structures with entrance
                                                             midway between the two, with
                                                             an addition at a different level,
                                                             usually between the other two.
                                                             One level 4' below grade, one
                                                             on grade and one 4' above
                                                             grade.




                                              PAGE 37
                                                       SPLIT ENTRY - one story Raised
                                                       Ranch Style Home ½ of lower floor
                                                       foundation exposed.




There are two (2) methods to determine story height other than visually:

   1.)   This method is the most accurate way to determine story height. When entry into the
         home is obtained, the data collector will measure across the ceiling at approximately 6'
         in height (in the upper story(ies)). This measurement will determine the upper story
         livable area and from this, a story height may be obtained.

         Example: Method 1




   2.)   This method may be utilized when entry into the home has not occurred. This method
         will give you a rough idea of the story height.

         Run an imaginary line thru the upper part of window(s) to where it would meet the roof
         line. Run a second imaginary line down from this point. The distance from the side of
         the house to this second imaginary line is measured. Double this measurement to account
         for this distance on the other side. This represents non-livable area.




                                             PAGE 38
   Example: Method 2
                                               Computation:
                                               6 x2 = 12 (12' total non-living space)
                                               24-12=12 (12' total living space)
                                               12/24 = 50% = Half Story




*Note: Estimate 6' ceiling height. Normally, this is just below or at window top. It is important to
know where the first floor ends and the second floor begins, via window view, as high exterior
side walls may not mean higher first floor ceiling, and this may increase the potential second floor
area.

Dormers
Dormers are projected roof lines that may or may not be considered as livable area. When dormers
are of considerable size, they contribute to the livable area. The additional area supplied by the
dormer must be included in the determination of story height.

                                         Normally, this is 2-1/2 story house without a
                                         dormer. Due to the addition of a full or at least 3/4
                                         length dormer, we now have a 2-3/4 story house.
                                         Full dormer means from one end to the other. 3/4
                                         dormer means the dormer covers at least 3/4 of the
                                         total distance from end to end.




                                         The addition of a dormer to each side of the house
                                         can transform a 2-1/2 story house to a 3 story
                                         house if full dormers or 2-3/4 story if partial
                                         dormers. It is important to note the size of the
                                         dormers, whether half, 3/4 or full.




                                              PAGE 39
In some cases, the dormer may be only half way down the side of the house. In this case, show the
location of the dormer on the sketch with proper story height labeling.

               Represents dormer addition




The grid on the back of the DCF is used to draw a sketch of the building to scale. Each point on
the grid represents 2 feet, unless otherwise noted by the field person on the sketch.




Each section is labeled by existing floors starting with the attic, upper floors, first floor or ground
floor and then the basement. Order of the labels does not affect the value, but it does look more
correct when labeled top down.




                                               PAGE 40
Whenever angles are involved, it is important to provide enough information to accurately
compute the area of each section. By breaking up a section into squares, rectangles and right
triangles, it makes the area calculation easier and more accurate. Too much information is better
than too little. With too much information, we can simply ignore the excess and still calculate the
area. With too little information, someone must revisit the property.

Angles
Angles are a common type of measure that we come across in the field, and it is crucial when
measuring an angle to have enough written measurements on the sketch. The square footage on an
angle cannot be computed if the appropriate measurements are not placed on the drawing. Create
a right triangle on the ground where the hypotenuse is the building wall that is at an angle from
the main structure, and then draw that triangle in your sketch giving all the measurements.

                                                              The two dashed lines form a
                                                              90° angle or right triangle
                                                              with the building wall being
                                                              the hypotenuse.

                                                              Record all the dimensions
                                                              accurately. With this
                                                              information, the ATU/GAR
                                                              addition and the FFF area can
                                                              be drawn and calculated
                                                              accurately.




                                             PAGE 41
Bay or Bow Window
A bay or bow window is a projection on the side(s) of a house which may or may not be considered
a livable area. If the bay window(s) include usable floor space, it must be measured, drawn on the
sketch at its actual location and properly labeled. Bay windows are most often angled and are
drawn to scale on the sketch as they exist, plus a few extra measures as described below to allow
for accurate area calculations.

         Only needed if different from other side




How to measure and sketch a bay window:
   1.) Classify the bay window according to its appropriate story height.
   2.) Check for basement area under the bay window upon listing.
   3.) Bay windows are only picked up when they include floor space.

In the case of a Bow window, the same floor area requirements exist as with the bay window.
However, measuring is a bit different. We need to know the depth of the window (5') and the length
(24') to be able to sketch and calculate the area. In this case, the length from the point where the
bow begins to where it ends is 24 feet. The altitude of the arc created by the bow, or the depth of
the window, is 5 feet.




When measuring an octagon, getting interior measurements are critical. However, one can
compute the necessary measurements by taking a few extra exterior measurements, as indicated.
Then, when entry is obtained, the interior measurements can be made to verify the area.

                                                                  Only one set is needed
                                                                  when the other angles are
                                                                  the same.




                                                PAGE 42
                ROOF TYPES




  Flat Roof                        Shed Roof




 Gable Roof                         Hip Roof




                              Mansard Roof
Salt Box Roof




                                 Bow House
Gambrel Roof                 Classifed as Irregular




                  PAGE 43
                          SECTION 2
            DRA PRIOR SALES ANALYSIS INFORMATION
The following data is provided to show the sales ratio and coefficient of dispersion for the town as
a whole, as well as the land only strata and the land with buildings strata, as computed by the NH
Department of Revenue Administration (DRA), Municipal and Property Division from the most
recent report. This shows the condition of the local assessment equity or the lack thereof and the
reason a valuation anew is being done. This equalization study by the DRA is used to equalize
municipal total valuations across the state, as well as determine the local level of overall
assessments as compared to local sales activity. It is a thorough analysis and study of the local
sales and assessment data performed with assistance from the municipality. As such, it is a good
indicator of the condition and quality of the local assessments of the prior year.

       Acceptable standards/guidelines, as published by the NH Assessing Standards Board

                       Assessment to sales ratio:                 90% to 110%
                       Coefficient of Dispersion (COD):           Not Greater Than 20
                       Price Related Differential (PRD):          .98 to 1.03
                       Difference between Strata:                 5%
                              Strata:        Land only
                                             Residential Land & Buildings
                                             Commercials
                       Confidence Level:                          90%

                             DRA PRIOR YEAR RATIO RESULTS

The following prior year ratio statistics, developed by the DRA, are being provided at the request
of the DRA. This information is not part of the contract or scope of services. It is historic, not
current data, and has no bearing or use in this revaluation. The writer accepts no responsibility for
the accurate meaning or use of this data.

                                      Ratio Study Year 2025

               Overall Median Assessment to Sales Ratio:        66.7
               Coefficient of Dispersion:                       10.5
               Price Related Differential:                      1.00

                                                                Ratio                COD

Residential Land Only Sales:                                    N/A                  N/A
Residential Improved Sales:                                     66.7                 9.8
Commercial Land & Building Sales:                               N/A                  N/A

*N/A indicates not large enough sales sample to report.




                                              PAGE 44
                                    SECTION 3
                                VALUATION PREMISE
A. Three Approaches to Value
Income Approach
The “value” of real estate represents the worth of all rights to future benefits which arise as a result
of ownership. An investor purchases property for the benefits (income) that the property is
expected to produce. Expectation of receipt of these benefits provides the inducement for the
investor to commit his own funds as “equity capital” to ownership of a piece of real estate. The
value of the property depends on its earning power. The Income Approach to Value is a method
of estimating the present value of anticipated income benefits. This process of discounting income
expectancies to a present worth estimate is called “capitalization.” This present worth estimate, the
result of the capitalization process, is the amount that a prudent, typically informed purchaser
would be willing to pay at a fixed time for the right to receive the income stream produced by a
particular property.

In mass appraisal, the income approach is generally of limited use as it requires the property
owners to provide income and expense information that, for the most part, they are unwilling to
provide and do not have to provide by law. When it is provided, it is almost always with the
stipulation that the information be kept confidential. For the above reasons, the income approach
is mostly used as a general check against the sales and cost approaches used in mass appraisal
work based on published averages for various property types. Although held confidentially, when
income data is provided, it will be considered and noted on the property record card. The Income
Approach to value was not utilized for the above-stated reasons.

Sales Approach
The Sales Approach to Value is a method for predicting the market value of a property on the basis
of the selling prices of comparable properties. Market value in the context of this approach means
the most probable selling price under certain terms of sale or a sale for cash or the equivalent to
the seller with normal market exposure.

Cost Approach
The Cost Approach is that approach in appraisal analysis which is based on the proposition that
the informed purchaser would pay no more than the cost of producing a substitute property with
the same utility as the subject property. It is particularly applicable when the property being
appraised involves relatively new improvements which represent the highest and best use of the
land or when relatively unique or specialized improvements are located on the site and for which
there exist no comparable properties on the market.

In the “Cost Approach”, the property to be appraised is treated as a physical entity, separable for
valuation purposes into site and improvements.

Although the three-approach system has become widely used, the Sales Approach is clearly the
central, if not the only relevant approach in estimating the value of some types of properties. The
rationale of the Sales Approach is that a purchaser will usually not pay more for a property than
he would be required to pay for a comparable alternative property (principle of substitution).




                                                PAGE 45
Furthermore, a seller will not take less than he can obtain elsewhere in the market. The method of
the Sales Approach is an empirical investigation in which the prediction of the most probable
selling price is based on actual qualified market sales of comparable properties.

A qualified sale is one which reflects the true market value of the property sold. Various definitions
have been offered for the term “market value”, but all are predicated, as a rule, upon the following
basic assumptions:

           1. That the amount estimated is the highest price in terms of money for which the property
              is deemed most likely to sell in a competitive market.
           2. That a reasonable time is allowed for exposure in the open market.
           3. That payment is to be made in cash or on terms reasonably equivalent to cash or on
              typical financing terms available at the time of appraisal.
           4. That both buyer and seller are typically motivated and that the price is not affected by
              undue stimulus.
           5. That both parties act prudently and knowledgeably and have due knowledge of the
              various uses to which the property may be put.

The following is a recent definition of “market value” approved by the American Institute of Real
Estate Appraisers and the Society of Real Estate Appraisers:
      “The highest price in terms of money which a property will bring in a competitive and open
      market under all conditions requisite to a fair sale, the buyer and seller, each acting
      prudently, knowledgeably and assuming the price is not affected by undue stimulus.”1

As a practical matter, a market value appraisal/assessment is the value the property would most
probably or reasonably sell for as of a given date, if sufficient time had been allowed to find a
buyer, and if the transaction was typical of existing market conditions.

However, it must be noted that the lack of direct local comparable sales data does not mean a
feature that adds or detracts from value should be ignored. As assessors, an opinion of value must
still be developed, and we cannot ignore positive or negative features. NH law requires that all
factors affecting value be considered. The knowledge and years of experience of the job supervisor
is critical, not only when sales data exists, but more so when lacking credible local sales data,
common sense and consistency must prevail.

Market Modified Cost Approach to Value
This approach to valuing a large universe of properties, such as an entire municipality, is the most
common approach used in mass appraisal, particularly for residential property types. It is a mixture
of the cost and market approaches to value. It recognizes the principal facts or information of the
property and uses a consistent cost formula to develop equitable values for all property in the
municipality. Those cost values are then compared to actual sales in the community. The results
are used to modify the cost tables to enable the formula to more closely follow the actual real estate
market data.


1
    The Encyclopedia of Real Estate Appraising 3rd Edition




                                                       PAGE 46
If either an individualized income approach or the mass income approach to value was employed
for the valuation, the record card will indicate “market income approach to value”. All other
records that lack an indication on the property record card of an income approach rely upon the
market modified cost approach to value. When the mass income approach to value is used, all three
approaches are still considered and reconciled by the supervisor to determine which approach is
used. The income report in Section 9.D. provides both the income value used and the cost approach
value developed. When sufficient market data exists, the mass income model will generally be
employed.




                                            PAGE 47
B. Zoning
Local zoning, if enacted, is a very important part of the valuation process as it defines what can or
cannot be done with land in defined areas of the municipality. It further sets the standards for the
required lot size and road frontage needed for each zone.

Local zoning as provided by the municipality as in effect for the assessment date of April 1, the
year of this valuation process is described below.

Proposed changes, if known, will also be discussed and given any due consideration. The
following is the pertinent section of the Town’s zoning ordinance, as amended 5/18/26, as it
pertains to lot dimension and setback requirements.




                                              PAGE 48
                                         ARTICLE13
13.1     ZONING DISTRICTS

13.1.1   RESIDENTIAL (R): That area already under development and/or designated for the
         location of a structure intended solely for the dwelling of the occupants.

13.1.2   RURAL/AGRICULTURAL (RA): That area that is a combination of residential,
         agricultural and undeveloped land where greater emphasis is focused on limited density
         and a more diverse use than strictly residential is allowed.

13.1.3   VILLAGE (V): See Article 22.

13.1.4   RESIDENTIAL MANUFACTURED HOUSING (MH): See Article 23.

13.1.5   COMMERCIAL (C): See Article 24.

13.1.6   INDUSTRIAL (I): See Article 25.

                                       ARTICLE14
14.1     LOT SIZE REGULATIONS: Land on streets with gravel surface may be subdivided
         with a minimum lot size of 10 acres. Land on streets with a paved surface shall
         follow the lot size table in Article 14.2, except land in the Rural/Agricultural
         (RA) District which shall be governed by section 14.3.

14.2     MINIMUM LOT SIZE: This section 14.2 shall apply: (a) to any use in the Residential
         (R) District and (b) to any use involving housing (but excluding hotels and other housing
         for transients) in the Commercial (C) District and in the Industrial (I) District. The
         minimum lot size shall be based upon the percentage of property included in each
         soil/slope type shown in table 1-1. When determining lot size, the entire area used to
         calculate size must be contiguous non- wetland soils. For definition of wetland, see
         Article 28.

             TABLE 1-1 FOR "MINIMUM LOT SIZE" LOT SIZES IN SQUARE FEET
            SLOPE
            CLASS SLOPE                SOIL CLASSIFICATION
                                1        2         3            4      5

               AB        0-8%      84,000         93,000    102,000         97,000    144,000
                C       8-15%      87,000         97,000    107,000        102,000        NIA
                D      15-25%      90,000        101,000    116,000        106,000        NIA
                E      25-35%      93,000        104,000    126,000        111,000        NIA


         (1) A Site-Specific Soil Survey, as defined by the Hillsborough County Conservation
             District (HCCD) may be required for all lots in which Class 5 soil types
             predominate.




                                             PAGE 49
         (2) Where condominiums, duplex or multi-family housing is proposed the requirements
             of Table 1-1 shall apply, for each dwelling unit. For the purposes of this section,
             dwelling accessory attached apartment (in-law apartment) shall not be considered a
             separate dwelling unit. To determine the number of permissible units the applicant
             shall provide a soil types and a topographic map of the property. The maximum
             number of dwelling units shall be based on the percentage of the property included
             in each soil/slope type shown in TABLE 1-1. The total area of each soil type shall
             be divided by the minimum lot sizes shown in the Table to determine the number of
             dwelling units permitted for each soil type area. (Amended 3-13-2012)
14.3     RURAL/AGRICULTURAL DISTRICT:                       This    section    applies    to   the
         Rural/Agricultural (RA) District:

14.3.1   In the Rural/Agricultural (RA) District, the minimum lot size shall be 217,800 square
         feet (5 acres) and must meet the requirements of table 1-1.

14.3.2   Where condominiums or duplexes are proposed in the Rural/Agricultural (RA) District,
         the requirements of this section 14.3 shall apply for each dwelling unit. For the purposes
         of this section, a dwelling accessory attached apartment (in-law apartment) shall not be
         considered a separate dwelling unit.

14.3.3   (Deleted 3-11-2008)


                                          ARTICLE15
15.1     PHASING OF DEVELOPMENT

15.1.1   PURPOSE: The purpose of phasing development is to prevent a strain on municipal
         resources caused by the sudden introduction of many new dwelling units.

15.1.2   All residential subdivisions, condominiums and multi-family housing of 4 dwelling units
         or greater shall be subject to phasing in accordance with TABLE 1- 2 below:

                       Total Dwelling Units    Maximum Annual Building permits
                       4                       2 per year
                       5 to 10                 4 per year
                       11 to 18                5 per year
                       19 to 28                6 per year
                       29 to 40                7 per year
                       41 to 54                8 per year
                       55 or more              9 per year

         TABLE 1-2 FOR RESIDENTIAL DEVELOPMENT PHASING:
         The table illustrates the maximum number of available building permits approved under
         this article per development during any 12-month period. Surplus permits in any given
         year shall not be added onto the number of permits available in the following year.
         (Amended 3-9-2010)




                                              PAGE 50
C. Time Trending
This is the process by which sales data is equalized to account for time. The “market” is dynamic
and ever changing. It is either stable, appreciating or depreciating over time. It is this effect of time
that must be analyzed to enable the reliable use of sales 1 or 2 years prior to, or even after the
assessment date.

The analysis of property which has sold twice in a relatively short period of time with no
changes/improvements between the two sale dates is ideal for this calculation.

Additionally, a review of surrounding municipal trends via New Hampshire DRA’s annual ratio
study reports for 3 consecutive years, as well as local Realtor information can be used to reconcile
an opinion of the current market trend or lack thereof. It should also be noted that, in a depreciating
market, a negative trend factor may be discovered and used, which would adjust sale prices for the
passage of time.

The following is a summary of the analysis of the sales used broken down by year, a review of the
DRA’s sales ratio studies for 2024, 2025, and 2026, and an analysis of paired sales or properties
that sold twice.

        Sales Analysis Results          Year Median Ratio               Year Median Ratio
                                        2024  70.42%                    2025 67.11%
                                        2025  67.11%                    2026 67.06%

To determine the trend factor for 2025 using the sales analysis, we took the difference between the
2024 and 2025 ratios (.0331), divided that number by the 2024 ratio of 70.42% which resulted in
a positive trend factor of 4.7% or +.392% per month.

To determine the trend factor for 2026 using the sales analysis, we took the difference between the
2025 and 2026 ratios (.05), divided that number by the 2025 ratio of 67.11% which resulted in a
positive trend factor of .07% or +.006% per month.

The average of this analysis suggests a positive .199% per month trend. With a more marked
appreciation from 2024 into 2025 and relatively stable 2025 into 2026.

        DRA Equalization Ratio Study            Year      Median Ratio
                                                2024      69.4%
                                                2025      66.7%

To determine the trend factor for 2025 using the DRA figures, we took the difference between the
2024 and 2025 ratios (.027), divided that number by the 2024 ratio of 69.4% which resulted in a
positive trend factor of 3.89% or +.324% per month.

We also analyzed 2026 qualified sales through 4/1/2026; however, as this analysis reflected only
a portion of 2026, the DRA ratio for the entire year doesn’t exist.

This analysis suggests a positive .324% (rounded) per month trend.




                                                PAGE 51
In addition, we completed a paired sales study which represents a trend from 2023 through 2026.

                                                                               Months
                     Sale #1               Sale #2                 Percent     Between % Per
Sale # Map/Lot       Date        Price     Date         Price      Change      Sales   Month
  1    201-112-2     3/22/24     753,000   5/16/2025    $829,900   10.21%      14         0.73%
  2    201-112-12    6/5/23      715,000   5/3/2024     $750,000   4.90%       11         0.45%
  3    403-181-6     6/11/24     585,000   2/18/2025    $588,000   0.51%       8          0.06%
  4    404-19        12/9/24     95,000    7/10/2025    $107,000   12.63%      7          1.80%
  5    405-62-22     12/11/23    650,000   1/2/2026     $733,000   12.77%      25         0.51%
  6    406-27        9/6/24      440,000   5/15/2026    $535,000   21.59%      20         1.08%
  7    407-38-38     4/11/23     25,000    5/1/2025     $35,000    40.00%      25         1.60%
  8    407-38-62     2/14/25     65,000    11/14/2025   $72,500    11.54%      9          1.28%
  9    407-38-78     10/20/23    65,000    11/10/2025   $93,533    43.90%      25         1.76%
  10   408-2         11/21/23    375,000   5/29/2024    $411,000   9.60%       6          1.60%
  11   410-142-3     1/23/24     220,000   4/17/2026    $240,000   9.09%       27         0.34%
  12   411-128       8/3/23      450,000   10/22/2024   $485,000   7.78%       14         0.56%
  13   411-206-3     4/12/24     630,000   12/19/2025   $685,000   8.73%       20         0.44%
  14   411-358-4     12/22/23    100,000   9/30/2024    $110,000   10.00%      9          1.11%
  15   412-69-25     12/12/23    120,000   7/9/2025     $172,400   43.67%      19         2.30%
  16   412-193-1     6/27/24     140,000   5/27/2026    $159,900   14.21%      23         0.62%

The average of this analysis suggests a positive 1.01% per month trend and a median of .90% per
month.

Summary
The paired sales analysis is generally the best indicator of the change over time, however, it is
focused on sales dating back to 2023, and as a result is indicating a larger percent per month change
and some of those larger percent increase changes are a result of lower valued property
appreciating at a higher rate than higher end sales transactions. As such, more reliance is placed
on the sales analysis, and a positive trend of .199% /month will be used to trend 2025 sales forward
to 4/1/26. If there is a need to use older sales (dating back to 2024), those sales will be more
aggressively trended at .392%/month. The .006%/month will hopefully more accurately reflect the
change from 2025 to the 4/1/26 assessment date.




                                              PAGE 52
D. Neighborhood Classification
Market Value Influences
The most often repeated quote about real estate relates the three most important factors, “location,
location, and location.” While humorous, it underlines a significant truth about the nature of
property value: it is often factors outside of the property boundaries that establish value.

Most real estate consumers understand the importance of location. A house that is located steps
from the ocean likely has more value than a similar one miles away from the water’s edge. A retail
building close to schools or commuting routes likely has more value than one located far away
from these amenities. The stately home located in an area of other similar property likely has more
value than a similar one located next to the municipal landfill.

At its very heart, the property tax is a tax on value. Revaluations use mass appraisal that must
recognize all factors that influence the value of property, both in a negative and positive direction.
Each of these factors may be different in different locations. For this reason, the mass appraisal is
indexed to local conditions and uses locally obtained and adjusted information to determine values.

The nature of value influences can affect an entire municipality or region. Entire municipalities
may be “close to skiing.” Whole counties may be “fantastic commuting locations.” Significant
areas of our state are quiet country locations. For these reasons, a revaluation may not identify
each and every separate factor that influences the value of property. Many of these common
elements are assumed to exist for all similar properties in a municipality.

There are value influences that affect entire neighborhoods. These may be as obvious as a location
on or near a body of water, ski area, or golf course. They also may be as subtle as a location near
a certain park or school, or in a particularly desirable area of the municipality. Whether subtle or
obvious, the mass appraisal must account for all of these value influences.

There are also value influences that affect individual properties. These can include such things as
water frontage, water access, panoramic views, highway views, proximity to industrial or
commercial uses, and heavy traffic counts. These property specific influences may be difficult to
isolate, but are critical in the development of accurate values.

The mass appraisal must recognize all value influences including regional, local, neighborhood,
and property. By understanding these factors, accurate market value estimates can be made.
Ignoring any of these factors could lead to inaccurate values and establish a disproportionate
system of taxation. Fairness requires that all factors be considered in valuation.

In every community, certain sections, developments and/or locations affect value both positively
and negatively in the market. This affect is gaged by the development of neighborhoods. Each
neighborhood reflects a 10% value difference positive or negative from the average or most
common neighborhood in the community. The most common neighborhood of the community is
classified as “E” and each alphabet letter before and after “E” reflects a 10% change in the base or
average value. This is market driven, but can generally be equated to the desirability of the road,
topography, vegetation, and housing quality and maintenance. Attempting to measure this location
difference in increments of less than 10% is unrealistic. Once all the neighborhoods are defined,
vacant land sales and improved sales are used to test their existence. Views may not only affect




                                               PAGE 53
individual properties; they may also impact the entire neighborhood desirability.

As a rule, neighborhoods are first defined by the assessing supervisor based on his/her knowledge
and experience considering the above stated factors and then tested and modified by local sales
data, as follows:

    First, all the roads in town are driven and the neighborhoods are graded in relation to each
    other based upon topography, building quality and maintenance, utilities, overall land design
    and appeal. Using sales data to test our decisions, we also check with local realtors to confirm
    our grading of the most desirable and least desirable neighborhoods. Then, we review all the
    vacant land sales to find the ones that reflect (as closely as possible) the zoned minimum lot
    size. In other words, if the zoning in town requires 1-acre and 200 feet of road frontage, we are
    looking for sales of similar size lots to develop the base undeveloped site value for that zone.

    After identifying the base site values for each zone, we then develop a value for excess road
    frontage and excess acreage above the zone minimum. For example, a 10-acre lot in a 1-acre
    zone has 9 acres of excess land. The influence that excess road frontage has on value is
    considered based on market data. Historically, that influence is only measurable when both
    road frontage and excess land exist to meet zoning for possible further subdivision.

        Neighborhoods are classified by alphabetical letters, as follows:
                        NC               NC          NC
                        A -40%           F +10%      J +50%
                        B -30%           G +20%      K +60%
                        C -20%           H +30%      L +70%
                        D -10%           I +40%      M +80%
                        E = Average or most common and has no adjustment factor.

    Q, R, S, and T neighborhood designations are reserved for special/unique situations and may
    or may not follow the 10% steps. See Section 9, Valuation Cost Tables & Adjustments. The
    “X” designation, however, is reserved for rear land, excess acreage designation. When “X” is
    found on land line 1, it means that the particular lot has no road frontage or known access and
    is in practical terms landlocked.

Neighborhoods generally designate differences in location across the town based on type of road
(dirt, paved, wide, narrow, etc.), condition of land (flat, rolling, steep, wet, etc.), and quality of
buildings (high quality, low quality, all similar or mixture, etc.), as well as features like sidewalks,
underground utilities, and landscaping of the entire area.

Generally, the value difference from neighborhood to neighborhood is 10% of the average. Each
neighborhood is labeled alphabetically with “E” being the average and letters below “E” (D, C, B,
A) being less than average and letters after “E” (F - T) being above average.

    An “A” neighborhood generally denotes an approved subdivision road not yet developed or
    maybe just timber cleared. It is typically paper streets.




                                                PAGE 54
   A “B” neighborhood generally denotes a road cut and stumped and very rough, but passable
   by 4x4 vehicles.

   A “C” neighborhood generally denotes a graded road, either narrow or of poor quality, but
   passable by most vehicles.

   A “D” neighborhood generally denotes below average neighborhood; it may or may not be
   town maintained with poorer quality land and/or lower quality homes and/or a mixture of
   quality and style homes. Oftentimes, they are more narrow than your average Class V road.

   An “E” neighborhood generally denotes the average neighborhood in town, typically Class V
   town maintained roads with most utilities above ground and sites that generally consist of
   average landscaping.

An “F” neighborhood generally denotes neighborhoods above average with similar quality
buildings and roads, typically, utilities are underground, and sites are more consistently
landscaped. Above average neighborhoods are generally more desirable, and the factors noted
increase marketability. Always remember…location, location, location!




                                          PAGE 55
E. Basic Mass Appraisal Process
While the supervisor is analyzing and developing neighborhoods and local values, data collectors,
approved by DRA or OPLC, are going parcel-by-parcel, door-to-door measuring all buildings and
attempting to complete an interior inspection of each principal building to collect the needed
physical data, age, and condition of the building, unless this process has been completed in a
cyclical manner over the years preceding the year of the valuation update.

With the land values developed, we now review improved sales, sales that have been developed
and improved with buildings or other features, such as well and septic. By deducting the base land
value previously established, adjusted by the neighborhood and topography, as well as any other
features, such as sheds and barns, a building residual value is estimated. After adjusting for grade
and condition, we divide by the effective area of each building to arrive at an indicated square foot
cost. This may then be compared to a cost manual, like Marshall & Swift and/or local contractor
information, to determine if this established square foot cost is reasonable.

       The effective area of a building is computed by considering all areas of all floors
       and additions of the building and then adjusting each area by its relative cost. If
       living space is estimated to be $98.00/SF, the basement area of the house is not
       worth $98.00/SF, but rather some predictable fraction thereof. As such, each
       section of the building has an actual area and an effective area which is the actual
       area times a cost adjustment factor. Each property record card shows the actual
       area, cost factor, and effective area of each section/floor of the building. The cost
       factor adjustments are consistent through the town.

This is where, using all the previous cost data developed, we begin to extract the value of views
and waterfront in the community. Both vary greatly due to personal likes and dislikes of the market,
but both have general features that the market clearly values. For waterfront, private access to the
water is the most valuable, but even that may be adjusted for size, topography, usefulness of the
waterfront, as well as depth in some areas.

The challenge here is to develop a base value for the average or most common waterfront site and
then grade each site in relation to the average based on available sales data. If lacking specific sales
data, the search may be expanded to include other bodies of water in other towns. Views are a bit
more difficult, as they vary widely as does the value that the market places on them. However, the
process is much the same. Using sales, we extract a range of value the market places on different
views by first accounting for the basic land value and improvements. What value remains is
attributed to the view. Views are classified by type, subject matter, close-up versus distant and
width of the view. The adjustments for the influence of view are then systematically applied to all
other properties in town with views. Also, a view picture catalog is prepared to show the various
views.

Once the cost tables are developed, they are used to calculate all values across the municipality.
Then the job supervisor and assistant do a parcel-by-parcel field review to compare what is on
each property record card to what they see in the field and make adjustments to ensure quality and
consistency.




                                                PAGE 56
F. Assumptions, Theories & Limiting Factors
Assumptions
   1. It is assumed that all land can be developed unless obvious wetlands or town
      documentation states otherwise. As such, lots smaller than the zone minimum will be
      considered developable, assuming they are grandfathered.

   2. Current use classification is provided by the town and assumed accurate.

   3. The use of the property is assumed its highest and best use, unless stated differently on
      the property record card. Highest and best use analysis was not done for each property.

   4. When interior inspections cannot be timely made or are refused, the interior data will
      be estimated based on similar homes, as accurately as possible, assuming good quality
      finish. If measurements are refused, the building measurement and interior will be
      estimated from the road.

   5. The land acreage and shape are taken from the town’s maps and assumed accurate, and
      name and address data is provided by the town and assumed accurate.

Theories
Local sales data must be the foundation for a good townwide revaluation and guide the Appraiser
Supervisor in their conclusions and adjustments to value. However, lacking sales data does not
mean a specific feature or property should go unnoticed or not considered and the supervisor must
use common sense and their knowledge gained from education and years of experience when
making adjustments, both derived directly from the market and those not, but developed over time
and with interaction with buyers and sellers and real estate agents.

Cost, while not always directly related to the market, is a very good indicator of market value
based on the understanding of the “principle of substitution”. This principle states that a person
will pay no more, and a buyer will accept no less for a property than the cost of a suitable
substitution. A suitable substitution can be defined as the cost to build new considering age
depreciation and the cost of time. However, actual costs can exceed market value when personal
likes come into play, or the property is over built for the area. Nothing in assessing, particularly
the assessment, is straight line or a fact beyond doubt. Assessments are an opinion of the most
probable value a property is worth at a stated point in time given normal market exposure, it is not
a fact!

Limiting Factors
The scope of services outlined in the contract spells out the services rendered, which in itself
identifies limiting factors. In mass appraisal work, limiting factors or conditions generally include
the number of sales available and the accuracy of the data used. Data accuracy is limited by the
fact that interior inspections are not available to all properties and, in some cases when data is
supplied by third parties.




                                              PAGE 57
                     SECTION 4 AVITAR CAMA
               (COMPUTER ASSISTED MASS APPRAISAL)

Mass Appraisal
As defined by the International Association of Assessing Officers (IAAO), mass appraisal is, “the
process of valuing a group of properties as of a given date, using standard methods, employing
common data, and allowing for statistical testing.” Mass appraisal utilizes many of the same
concepts as single appraisal property appraising, such as supply and demand, highest and best
use, and the principles of substitution and anticipation. In addition, in light of the necessity of
estimate values for multiple properties, mass appraisal also emphasizes data management,
statistical valuation models, and statistical quality control.

The Avitar CAMA (Computer Assisted Mass Appraisal) system being used is defined as a Market
Modified Cost Approach to Value. This means the cost approach method of estimating value is
recognized as the most appropriate method to value multiple parcels. Using local costs from
builders and nationally recognized cost manuals like the Marshall & Swift Cost Guide, or starting
with the existing tables found in the CAMA model, base costs for the improvements and material
types are created. Local sales are used to develop land values. Then, using all the local market
sales data, the cost tables are modified to reflect the local market trends. This process is called
model calibration. While cost manuals, local contractors, and sales data are used to develop
preliminary costs for the CAMA’s cost tables, it is during the calibration process where all the
qualified sales data is used and tested considering several parameters, such as location, size,
quality, use, and story height. Through multiple reiterations of the statistics, the Job Supervisor
fine tunes the model to accurately produce assessments that reasonably match or closely
approximate the sales data.

This process is not perfect as market sales data is subject to the perceptions and emotions of buyers
and sellers at any given point it time. While you and I may want to buy a particular house, we will
both most likely be willing to pay different amounts, and the seller may or may not accept either
offer. If the seller accepts a lower value before the higher offer is made, that sale then represents
an indication of market value. Was it low because the higher offer wasn’t made in time? For
example, in a 2002 transaction, a property was offered and well-advertised through a real estate
agent. An offer was made and rejected. A day later, prior to a counter offer from the first offer, a
new offer came in at the asking price and was accepted. Was that the market price? Well, consider
this:

       Prior to the closing of the property, 30 days later, the buyer was offered $20,000 to
       simply sign over his purchase and sales agreement to a third party. An additional 10%
       profit! He refused and lives in the property today, thinking he bought low.

       Knowing all this, what is your opinion of the real market value?

The point is that sales generally indicate value. While they in fact did occur, it is only one indicator
of value and not every sale necessarily always reflects the true market value. In the real world,
buying and selling of property is almost always subject to some sort of pressure or duress. The
seller is selling for a reason, emotional or economic, and the buyer is moving to the area for similar
reasons, such as being close to family or a new job. In either case, in our experience there is always




                                                PAGE 58
some form of pressure, and it is this mild form of pressure that can cause similar properties in the
same neighborhood on the same day to sell for different prices. Simply stated - the market is
imperfect.

A market modified cost approach to value tends to level out these differences and as such, some
values will be below their selling price, while others will be right on or somewhat above, but all
should be a reasonable opinion of the most probable market value as of the date of the revaluation.
A normal distribution of the data, i.e. a bell curve.

The Sales Data
At the beginning of the process, copies of all qualified arms-length sales which occurred in town
over the past two years are compiled. These sales are then sorted into two categories: Vacant and
Improved.

The vacant land sales are then analyzed to help us identify neighborhoods, excess land values, lot
values, waterfront or view influence, and other values/factors necessary to properly, fairly, and
accurately assess land.

In the case where land sales are few or non-existing, the land residual method is used. While
somewhat more technical, it is an equally accurate method whereby all relatively newly built home
sales are reviewed, the building values are estimated by the use of cost manuals and local
contractors, when available. The building value is then deducted from the sale price, leaving the
residual value of the developed land.

We then develop cost tables for improvements to the land. Once all the physical data for each
property is collected and the sales data verified, we then compute new total values for each
property and test against actual sales data, hence, the Market Modified Cost Approach to Value
CAMA system.

Please note that not every technique described herein is used in every project. The most appropriate
methods are used for each project based on the data available.

Highest and Best Use
For this revaluation/update, unless otherwise noted on the property record card, the highest & best
use of each property is assumed to be its current use.

       Individual property highest and best use analysis is not appropriate for mass appraisal.

       “Highest & best use,” has been defined as: that reasonable, legal, and probable use that
       will support the highest present value.... as of the effective date of the appraisal.

       It has been further defined as that use, from among reasonably probable and legal
       alternative uses, found to be physically possible, appropriately supported, financially
       feasible, and which results in the highest land value. In those cases where the existing
       use is not the highest & best use, it shall be noted on the individual assessment record
       card.




                                              PAGE 59
There are several instances where property is not assessed at its full market value/highest & best
use and most of these fall under the jurisdictional exceptions from USPAP compliance. The
following statutory provisions allow for assessments other than at market value/highest and best
use:

   RSA 72:8-c Valuation of Telecommunications Poles and Conduits; Rulemaking
   RSA 72:8-d Valuation of Electric, Gas, and Water Utility Company Distribution Assets
   RSA 72:74  Payment in Lieu of Taxes for Renewable Generation Facilities
   RSA 72:74-aPayment in Lieu of Taxes for Combined Heat and Power Agricultural Facilities
   RSA 72-B   Excavation Tax (Earth & Excavations)
   RSA 75:1-a Residential Property Subject to Housing Covenant Under the Low-Income
              Housing Tax Credit Program
   RSA 75:11  Appraisal of Residences (on commercial or industrial zoned land)
   RSA 79-A:5 Assessment of Open Space Land (Current Use)
   RSA 79-B:3 Assessment of Open Space Land Subject to Conservation Restriction
   RSA 79-C:7 Assessment of Land Subject to Discretionary Easement
   RSA 79-D   Discretionary Preservation Easements
   RSA 79-E   Community Revitalization tax Relief Incentive
   RSA 79-F   Taxation of Farm Structures and Land Under Farm Structures
   RSA 79-G   Taxation of Qualifying Historic Buildings
   RSA 79-H   Taxation of Certain Chartered Public School Facilities

There are also other instances such as transitional use or when properties are not 100% complete
where the assessment may be something other than market value or assessed at its highest & best
use. These situations are normally noted on the specific property record card. The following
statute, RSA 75:1 details this and is as follows:

RSA 75:1 How Appraised. – The selectmen shall appraise open space land pursuant to RSA 79-
A:5, open space land with conservation restrictions pursuant to RSA 79-B:3, land with
discretionary easements pursuant to RSA 79-C:7, residences on commercial or industrial zoned
land pursuant to RSA 75:11, earth and excavations pursuant to RSA 72-B, land classified as land
under qualifying farm structures pursuant to RSA 79-F, buildings and land appraised under RSA
79-G as qualifying historic buildings, qualifying chartered public school property appraised under
RSA 79-H, residential rental property subject to a housing covenant under the low-income housing
tax credit program pursuant to RSA 75:1-a, renewable generation facility property subject to a
voluntary payment in lieu of taxes agreement under RSA 72:74 as determined under said
agreement, combined heat and power agricultural facility property subject to a voluntary payment
in lieu of taxes agreement under RSA 72:74-a as determined under said agreement,
telecommunications poles and conduits pursuant to RSA 72:8-c, electric, gas, and water utility
company distribution assets pursuant to RSA 72:8-d, and all other taxable property at its market
value. Market value means the property's full and true value as the same would be appraised in
payment of a just debt due from a solvent debtor. The selectmen shall receive and consider all
evidence that may be submitted to them relative to the value of property, the value of which cannot
be determined by personal examination.




                                             PAGE 60
A. Introduction to the Avitar CAMA System
The Point System - An Industry Standard
The point system for mass appraising is an industry standard developed many years ago and
represents the best cost valuation system modified by the local market available and used (in some
form or another) by most, if not all, Computer Assisted Mass Appraisal (CAMA) systems available
on the market.

Avitar’s CAMA system uses the point system. However, since 1986 we have made many very
important refinements to increase accuracy, equity, reliability, and consistency, and provided a
menu driven system for ease of use.

Very simply, the system works by dividing up the building into components which consistently
represent a certain predictable percent of the total value. These construction components are then
assigned point values which represent its contribution to the total value and accounts for the cost
and market appeal of the item.

Points
Points are based on the associated cost to the total building in relation to other options for similar
features. The exterior wall factors also include the structural frame. These point values are based
on the percentage that the actual cost historically represents to the total cost and provides a
consistent, predictable, and equitable approach to mass appraisal building values.

Each building is first measured and sketched showing the actual footprint of the building and
various story heights. Then the following attributes are listed:

Roof Style & Cover         Example – Gable or Hip/Asphalt
Exterior Wall              Example – Clapboard/Vinyl (Up to Two Different Exteriors can be
                           listed, using the two most predominant)
Interior Wall              Example – Plaster/Wood (Up to Two Different Interiors can be listed,
                           using the two most predominant)
Floor Cover                Example – Pine/Softwood & Carpet (Up to Two Different Floor Covers
                           can be listed, using the two most predominant)
# of Bedrooms
# of Bathrooms
# of Bath Fixtures
Extra Kitchen
Central Air
Generator
Fireplaces                 If no point value is associated in the cost tables, then fireplaces are still
                           valued in the extra features.
Heat                       Example – Oil/FA Ducted (This is an oil fired furnace with forced air
                           ducted system)



                                               PAGE 61
Quality              Example - A4 Exc (Here A=average, A1 is one grade better and A4 is 4
                     grades better)
Com. Wall            Example - Commercial Wall Frame Construction Use for commercial
                     buildings to account for various structures.
Size Adjustment      Size adjustment is the factor that accounts for the economy of scale
                     theory which means the more of anything you purchase at one time, the
                     lower the unit cost. As such, a larger home will have a factor less than
                     1.00, while a smaller home will have a factor greater than 1.00 to
                     account for per square foot cost variation.
Base Rate            This is the gross base square foot cost that this building, as well as all
                     other similar buildings, will start at.
Bldg. Rate           Building Rate - After consideration of all building materials and quality
                     of construction, a building rate is developed which can be greater and
                     lower than 1.00 based on material, quality, and includes the size
                     adjustment.
Com. Wall Factor     In the case of a commercial property, an added factor may be needed to
                     account for various commercial structural frames.
Adjusted Base Rate   Base rate times building rate times commercial wall factor equal the
                     unique adjusted base for this structure. Therefore, two identical homes
                     with slightly different square feet will have slightly different adjusted
                     base rates as the economy of scale will come into play. Also, two
                     identical size and style homes with various exterior wall materials may
                     also vary in adjusted base rates slightly to account for the various market
                     appeal/desirability and value of each material.
                     The Adjusted Base Rate is then multiplied by the total effective area of
                     the house to develop a replacement cost new for that structure.
Bedroom & Bathroom Data   While the number of bedrooms is a valuable commodity for most
                          homes, the accompanying number of bathrooms or fixtures plays
                          a pivotal role. A house with 5 bedrooms and only 1 bathroom is
                          functionally obsolete as the plumbing cannot equally handle the
                          bedrooms. As such, a similar house with 5 bedrooms and 2
                          bathrooms would command a higher market value, all other things
                          equal. As such, a weighting system was developed by Avitar to
                          weight the number of bedrooms to bathrooms to develop an
                          adjusting factor to account for this obsolescence when it exists.
                          Therefore, it is not solely the bedroom or bathroom count that
                          effects value, but the combination of both.




                                        PAGE 62
Sample Calculation
Note: The examples provided may not necessarily use the point table developed for your town.
The actual point table for your town can be found in Section 9.

                                    Example Listing Data

EXTERIOR WALLS
  Prefab Wood Panels                                                     = 32 points
  Brick on Veneer                                                        = 37 points
      When two types exist, the average rounded integer is used          = 35

ROOF STRUCTURE & COVER
  Gable or Hip                                                           = 3 points
  Asphalt or Comp.                                                       = 3 points
     Point values are added together                                     =6

INTERIOR WALLS
   Drywall                                                                = 27 points
   Plaster                                                                = 27 points
       When two interior types exist, the average rounded integer is used = 27

HEATING FUEL & TYPE
  Oil Fuel                                                               = 1 point
  Hot Water                                                              = 6 points
      Heating points are calculated by multiplying fuel by type 1 x 6    =6

FLOOR COVER
  Carpet                                                                 = 10 points
  Hard Tile                                                              = 12 points
     When two types exist, the average rounded integer is used           = 11


                      Total Structural Points Computed                   = 85




                                            PAGE 63
BED & BATH LIST DATA
#Bedrooms = 3        # Bathrooms = 1.5

The bedroom to bathroom functional quality is measured by utilizing the matrix below. The points
are found at the intersection of the appropriate column and row values.

# Bedrooms          0-1    2     3       4       5+              This table represents the
# Baths                                                          value of the plumbing in
   0.0              0      1     2       3       4               the building and its
   0.5              10     9     8       7       6               ability to effectively
   1.0              14     13    10      9       7               service the residence
   1.5              15     14    12      10      7               based on the number of
   2.0              15     15    13      10      8               bedrooms. 4 bedrooms
   2.5              15     5     5       12      11              & 4 baths is better than 4
                                                                 bedrooms & 2 baths.
   3.0              16     16    15      14      12
   3.5              16     15    15      15      14
   4.0              16     16    16      15      14
   UP               17     16    16      16      15
   Indicated bedroom/bathroom ratio point value = 12
       Add to previously computed structural points of 85


                      Total Structural Points Index                       = 85

Quality Adjustment Factors
Quality adjustment factors and descriptions are listed below. Usage of these factors enables the
assessor to make adjustments up or down for each building to account for differences of
construction quality and the overall marketability of the building.

The quality factor from the table below, times the total structural point index = QUALITY
ADJUSTMENT FACTOR, which is expressed as a percentage value.

                        97 x 1.10 = 1.067 Quality Adjustment Factor

Description           % Adjustment             IT IS IMPORTANT TO NOTE
Minimum               70%                      that the quality index is a percent
Below Average         80%                      value, and the decimal point is
Average               100%                     necessary in calculations. The
Average + 10          110%                     Quality index for your community
Average + 20          120%                     can be found in Section 9.
Average + 30          130%
Excellent             140%
Excellent + 10        150%
Excellent + 20        160%




                                            PAGE 64
Excellent + 40         180%
Excellent + 60         200%

Effective Area Calculations
The calculation of effective area is applied in order to adjust for the differences in square foot
construction costs in the various sub-areas of the building as compared to the principal living area.
The SUB-AREA ID table shows the effective area which is the actual area adjusted by the cost
factors for each sub-area. Cost factors for all sub-areas for this community can be found in Section
9. Preliminary Valuation Tables of this manual

                     EXAMPLE OF BUILDING AREA CALCUATIONS

       SUB-AREA IDS                      ACTUAL            COST FACTOR               EFFECTIVE
                                         AREAS             ADJUSTMENT                  AREA
FFF      First Floor Finished             = 864                1.00                    = 864
UFF      Upper Floor Finished             = 864                1.00                    = 864
GAR      Attached Garage                  = 600                 .45                    = 270
EPF      Enclosed Porch Finished          = 192                 .70                    = 134
DEK      Deck or Entrance                 = 192                 .10                    = 19
BMU      Basement Unfinished              = 864                 .15                    = 130

                    Total Gross Area      = 3,576                 Effective Area       = 2,281

The cost factor adjusts the square foot (sf) cost of construction for living area to other areas of the
structure.

Example: If the base rate is $85/sf for a residential house, the cost of a deck is not $85/sf, it is
more accurately expressed as 10% or $8.50/sf. Therefore, this 192 sf deck can be valued as follows:
                            192 sf x 10% = 19.2 sf x $85 base rate = $1,632 or
                              $85 x 10% = $8.50 x 192 square feet = $1,632

Size Adjustment Factors
In order to accurately reflect “economies of scale”, it is necessary to adjust the base rate up or
down to reflect deviations from the median building size of the community for which it was
originally computed. If the median size of all buildings in the town is 2,000 square feet, then the
size adjustment table should be similar and all structures larger or smaller would be adjusted
downward or upward (respectively) to account for the economy of scale. Size adjustment tables
must be developed for each use: residential, commercial, and industrial and will be found in
Section 9. Preliminary Valuation Tables of this manual for this particular community.

                        The size adjustment (SA) for this property is .9776




                                               PAGE 65
Story Height Adjustments
Further refinement of the base rate is required to acknowledge the impact of multi-story
construction on the total construction costs. This is accomplished through the use of the story
height adjustment factor. It is cost adjusted to account for the fact that up until 3 stories or more,
it is generally less expensive during original construction to add square feet via story height then
expanding the footprint which involves site work and foundation work. Sample Story Height
Factors (SHF), for this example are:

       STORY HEIGHT                    SAMPLE STORY
                                       HEIGHT FACTOR
       1.00                             1.00
       1.50                             .98
       1.75                             .96
       2.00                             .94
       2.50                             .93
       3.00                             .92
       3.00+                            .90

The overall base rate to use for this example is $85. This rate is established through the analysis
of all residential sales in the community with adjustments made by use of all the factors previously
discussed. An example of which follows: (Base rates for your community can be found in Section
9. Preliminary Valuation Tables).

                                 Adjusted Base Rate Calculation
       Base Rate x Story Height Factor x Quality Factor Index x Size Adjustment Factor =
                              $85 x .94 x 1.067 x .9776 = $83.34

                               Final Building Value Computation
               Effective Area x Adjusted Base Rate = Replacement Cost New (RCN)
                                    2,281 x $83.34 = $190,098

                 Replacement Cost New Rounded to Nearest $100 = $190,100

Depreciation Types & Use
Normal Age Depreciation is based on the age of the structure and the condition relative to that age.
New homes, while new, are average for their age, while older homes may be in better condition
relative to their age.




                                               PAGE 66
EXAMPLE: 200 Year Old House

   CONDITION         NORMAL AGE
                     DEPRECIATION IS
   Very Poor         71%
   Poor              57%
   Fair              42%
   Average           35%
   Good              28%
   Excellent         14%

For the 200 year old home in good condition
   Building Value                 = 129,900
   Depreciation                   = x 28%
   Depreciation Value             = - 36,372
   Depreciated Building Value         93,528

   OR

   Building Value                 = 129,900
   % Condition Good               = x 72%
   Depreciated Building Value        93,528

   All final values are rounded to the nearest $100 for land and buildings alike. Therefore, the
   indicated building value = $93,500

Types
   Physical:     Refers to the general condition of the building or how well it has aged or been
                 maintained in comparison to new buildings. Here is where the assessor can
                 allow for an adjustment for items that are not consistent with the overall
                 condition of the majority of the home.

   Functional:   Refers to the functional design of the building based on the current use, design,
                 layout, and new technology available, over and above the normal age
                 depreciation.

   Economic:     Refers to depreciation caused by things which are exterior to the building and
                 usually not controllable by the owner. Excessive traffic, active railroad tracks,
                 airport nearby, are just a few examples.

   Temporary:    Refers to depreciation given for a special reason which shall only exist for a
                 short period of time. This is generally used for new construction to account for
                 varying stages during the construction as of April 1st in the assessing year.




                                            PAGE 67
Land Value Computations
Land can be valued using a per square foot method, per acre method, per front foot method, or a
combination of all three methods. Generally, we use acres as our unit of measure for the lot, dollar
per acre pricing for the rear acreage, and dollar per front foot to take into account additional lot
value by way of potential subdivision. Water frontage and/or view contributory value is listed
separately. Land charts are created for ease of use.

                        Sample Land Chart
                          # Acres   Value               Excess acreage at $1,500 per acre
                          2.00      31,000
                          1.45      27,500              Base View Value = $50,000
                          1.00      23,000              Base Waterfront = $100,000
                          0.79      16,000
                          0.45      13,000
                          0.21       9,000
                          0.01       1,500

A table, as shown above, exists for each zone in town that shows the base values for separate
indicated lot sizes in town.

This value would then be further adjusted by the neighborhood factor, as indicated by the
neighborhood code (NC) table. The NC was established during the revaluation/update process
when each road, on every map that existed at that time, had a NC assigned to it based on road, land
quality, topography, and market desirability.

For this example, we will assume a .45 acre lot with a NC of “G” (which has a value of 1.20,
meaning this neighborhood is 20% more desirable or valuable than the average).

                                     $13,000 x 1.20 = $15,600

The land may further be adjusted by the assessor for unique situations for the quality and
development of the site, driveway, and topography with individual condition adjustments noted on
the card and multiplying straight across. In addition, the assessor can include an overall additional
condition for abnormal conditions such as shape, in addition to the site, driveway, and topography
by placing a factor from 1 to 999 in the condition field on the appraisal card. The appraiser can
then positively or negatively adjust the land value.

                    $15,600 x 1.10 Site x 1.00 Driveway x 1.00 Topography x
                      .90 Condition (Wet) = $15,444 or $15,400 (rounded)

If there were any excess land over the zone minimum, this land would be priced at the excess
acreage price. There would be no NC adjustment, for the NC indicates the street frontage and
excess land is the same throughout the town. It would be depreciated for size from the excess
acreage chart created for this town, which simply decreases the per acre rate based on quantity.
This excess land may be further adjusted based on the assessor’s knowledge of the area for
topography, ledge, wetlands, etc.




                                              PAGE 68
Excess road frontage, in amounts equal to the zone minimum, would be valued only if there is
enough excess land to support subdivisions based on the zoning requirements. Excess frontage
would not normally be assessed unless subdivision potential exists, however it could be if the
market sales data showed a value exists even if subdivision potential did not.

The frontage would be valued by multiplying only the excess frontage above the minimum
requirement, in increments of the zone minimum by the front foot rate, and then adjusted by the
NC, and further for usability, topography, wetland, etc.

   Example: Zone = Two Acres, 100 Front Feet

       1. Parcel with three acres and 400 front feet would not have any excess frontage
          assessed because only one excess acre exists, and the zone requires two. So, this
          parcel has no subdivision potential.

       2. Parcel with four acres and 400 front feet would be assessed for 100 excess front
          feet because there are two excess acres to support the zoning requirement, and
          therefore, a potential for subdivision exist.

If the sales data were to show a value for excess road frontage, even if no subdivision potential
existed, it could be valued based on every front foot beyond the zone minimum.

The total waterfront value is calculated by first calculating characteristics as follows to combine
all the factors into a single integer value. (See example & charts on next page):

              100 * (Water Access Factor 125/100) * (Location Factor 125/100) *
                       (Topo Factor (100/100) = 156 (i.e. 156.2 rounded)
                                            then
           Market Value Base $460,000 * (156/100) * (WF Front Feet Factor 104/100)
                                * (Cond 100/100) = $746,300

If your waterfront footage falls between two predefined increments, calculate a value between
them based on the following:

       •   Closest higher increment (150) minus closest lower increment (100) = 50
       •   Difference in Footage = Subject footage – lower increment (122-100=22) divided by
           total factor difference (50) + lower factor 100 = 104.4

Or Factor = Lower Factor of 100 + (Difference in Footage/Total Increment Difference x Total
Factor Difference) or 100 + (22/50 x 10) = 104.4 (rounded to 104)

Finally, to get the total assessment of the property, you would add together all three components
(building value, extra features value, and land value).




                                             PAGE 69
                                                   a                  L t                     Su                              ar                                A   S                              A                                r nte
UNDERSTANDING YOUR PROPERTY RECORD CARD (PRC)




                                                                            A                                                              SAL S   S
                                                                                                       ate                     age    y e              r e    rant r
                                                123 MAIN STREET                                      11/20/2009      3166     1234   U I 38                  DOW JOHN F & SANDRA
                                                AN TOWN, NH 03123
                                                             LS         S                                                                    S
                                                03/15/24    CPR                                      WHT; 225 FTG ON LA E; LEA IN UPSTRS BTH; BR & STN FDTN; 1 BDRM
                                                03/06/23    CPR                                      NO HEAT; WF DTW, LIM USE, MOD TO STEEP TOPO POOR WF; PANO VU
                                                03/02/22    CPR                                      OF MNT&H2O,EXT IN VER GOOD COND FOR
                                                03/03/21    CPR                                      AGE ;BARN N/V; 9/12 INT COND IS AVE FOR AGE; IT & BTH OUTDATED;
                                                01/23/20    CPR
                                                                                                     NEW ROOF IN 2007; 3/15 PU 36X12 PART FRAME ONL ; NO START TO 24X12;
                                                02/20/19   RWPR
                                                                                                     C SHEDS/BARN; 11/16 NO UPDATES; WD/LAM; INT DATED; 7/19 WF PUT IN
                                                                                                     CU, DTW AND NO DEVELOPMENT AT WATER, T/P STATES CE ON
                                                                                                     PROPERT ; 3/24; NC TO BARN; C 25;
                                                                                                          A      A     S AL A                                                                                     AL S      A            A      A
                                                  eature y e                                 n ts Lngth         th   S eA     ate            n         ar et alue   tes
                                                PATIO                                        160      10 x 16               160       7.00    25                448
                 SECTION 5




                                                SHED WOOD                                    432      36 x 12                97      17.00    20              1,425 UC PART FRAME
                                                                                                                                                                                                        A     L          AL A A L         AL




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                PAGE 70
                                                                                                                                                                                             ear             u l ng             eatures                 Lan
                                                                                                                                                                                            2022            115,100               1,300             141,811
                                                                  SA                  L A                                   A SAL A                                                         2023            115,100
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Parcel Total:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  1,300
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    258,211
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    141,112
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Parcel Total:       257,512
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ar el    tal
                                                                                                          LA         AL A                                                                                   LAS          AL A
                                                  ne AR RURAL AGRIC         n mum A reage    2.00    n mum r ntage 250                                                                       S te AVERAGE         r e ay GRAVEL/DIRT                a   PAVED
                                                Lan y e                             n ts      ase ate       A     S te    a        ay    gra hy                           n   A   al rem S             a alue        tes
                                                1F RES WTRFRNT                    0.500 ac       105,000 J  150   100   100       95 100 LEVEL                          100       149,600   0 N         149,600   HSE SITE
                                                FARM LAND                        16.630 ac       x 2,500 X   82                       95 MILD                           100        32,400  50             2,993   FIELD
                                                UNMNGD OTHER                     36.000 ac       x 2,500 X   82                       85 MODERATE                       100        62,700 100             1,699   TOPO/PLE
                                                UNMNGD OTHER                  1,750.000 ff         x 50 J   150                       85 MODERATE                        75        83,700   0 N               0   TOPO
                                                VIEW                                         LA ES/MOUNTAINS, PANORAMIC, TOP 75, DISTANT                                100       129,000               129,000   VU
                                                HIGHLAND LA E IN CU             225.000 wf   GRASS , MAIN WATER BOD                   85 MODERATE S                      50       249,600   0                 0   WF
                                                DTW
                                                                                       a                                                                                          707,000
                                                 VIEW See
                                                 1.D. WF See
                                                 1.D
As you can see, the appraisal card is broken into sections.

(1)    Map/Lot/Sub - Numbers represent the parcel identification numbers (PID) used by the
       town. The map number represents the ID of the map sheet on which the parcel is displayed.
       The lot number and sub lot are the unique ID for the parcel on that map sheet.

(2)    Card # of # - Typically 1 of 1 means the parcel has only one property record card for its
       entire assessment information. In a multi-card situation, where more than one property
       record card is needed to show the assessment information of a parcel with several primary
       buildings. The first number is the sequential card number, and the second number is the
       total number of cards for that parcel.

(3)    Printed - The date the card was printed, reflecting the assessment information and value
       on file at that time.

(4)    Owner Information - Located in the upper left hand corner just below map-lot-sublot
       numbers and contains the owner’s name and address information of record at the time of
       print.

(5)    Sale History - This section is located to the right of owner’s information box and displays
       the five most current sales recorded, as known, for this parcel showing book, page, date,
       type of sale (Qualified/Unqualified & Vacant/Improved) and seller’s name.

(6)    Listing History - This section usually contains the date that the property was visited, plus
       the two initials of the person who visited the property. The third character is the reason
       why they were there, and the fourth is the “action” taken. This may vary as it is user
       definable, but will always have a date followed by a four space code, and then space for a
       brief note.

(7)    Notes - An area for the appraiser to enter abbreviated notes about the property, as well as
       reasons for any adjustments made elsewhere on the property record card.

(8)    Picture - Intended to represent some aspect of this tract of land such as view, waterfront,
       site, or outbuildings.

(9)    Extra Features Valuation - This area contains the valuation of fireplaces, pools, sheds,
       detached garages, etc., and displays a description (as well as dimensions, when
       appropriate), the unit rate, condition, and final value. The grand total is rounded to nearest
       $100. Also, included is a brief notes section for each extra feature item listed. A table listing
       all descriptions and rates can be found in Section 9 C.

(10)   Parcel Total Taxable Value - Is located about halfway down the right side of the card and
       displays prior years and current assessed value summarized as buildings, features, and land
       and then the card total value. In the case of a multi-card parcel, in the current year column
       an additional value will be displayed for the total parcel value just below the card total
       value, whereas the prior year values will only show the total assessed value of the entire
       parcel.




                                               PAGE 71
(11)   Land Valuation - This area provides all the information necessary for land valuation.

        Zone                                 Displays the land pricing table description which
                                             is usually the same as the zones in town.
        Minimum Acreage                      The minimum lot size as defined by zoning
                                             requirements of the town. Occasionally, zones are
                                             defined that do not relate to the town zoning.
                                             Refer to the land pricing table for a clearer
                                             definition of the land pricing table.
        Minimum Frontage                     Same as above, but represents the minimum
                                             required road frontage needed for development.
        Site                                 A brief description of the site such as
                                             undeveloped, fair, average, good, very good, or
                                             excellent, which refers to the condition of the site
                                             development and landscaping.
        Driveway                             A brief description of the driveway such as none,
                                             gravel, paved, stone, etc.
        Road                                 A brief description of the road, such as paved or
                                             gravel.
        Land Type                            Refers to specific codes used to classify land use
                                             type. These are all listed and defined in Section
                                             9C.
        Units                                Size of land being assessed on each line.
                                             AC = Acres
                                             FF = Front Feet (Road Frontage)
                                             SF = Square Feet
                                             WF = Waterfront Feet
        Views (if applicable)                Will be displayed here with subject, distance,
                                             depth, and width as defined in Section 9C.
        Base Rate                            Dollar value per unit, except on line one where it
                                             is the basic value of the building site, if one
                                             exists, for the lot size shown under units.
        NC - Neighborhood Code               All towns have distinct neighborhoods, some
                                             more than others, which influence value based on
                                             features of the neighborhood and market
                                             desirability. Neighborhoods are represented
                                             alphabetically with “E” being average; A, B, C &
                                             D being levels below average; and F, G, H, I, etc.
                                             being levels above average value and desirability.
        ADJ                                  The factor by which the neighborhood influences
                                             the value. In the case of excess acreage, it is a
                                             quantity or size adjustment factor.
        Site                                 Land line one only and displays the adjustment
                                             factor, if any, associated with the description.




                                            PAGE 72
Road               A brief description of the road such as paved or
                   gravel.
Dway (Driveway)    Land line one only and displays the adjustment
                   factor, if any, associated with the description.
Topography         Each land line can have a topography description
                   and adjustment associated and displayed with it.
Cond (Condition)   Area to enter other land adjustments such as wet,
                   shape, undeveloped, etc.
Ad Valorem         Market value.
SPI                Soil Potential Index is used to regulate the per
                   acre rate of the current use land based on the
                   range of value provided by the state. Current use
                   condition for grade, location & site quality as
                   defined in DRA Current Use Rules for forest
                   categories. An entry of 100 means the maximum
                   value and 0 means the minimum. The SPI is
                   provided by the landowner for farm land.
R                  This is used for the current use recreation
                   discount. If the recreation discount is granted, a
                   “ ” will appear in this column.
Tax Value          Is the taxable value of all land being appraised
                   including the land assessed under current use.
Notes              Brief information about each land line or the
                   “COND” adjustment.




                   PAGE 73
                              a   L t        Su                       ar                      A      S                               A                                        r nte
                                                                                                  A A L      S       S                                    L                  A LS
                                                                                             str t               er entage         Model:         S               A
                                                  123 MAIN STREET                           AN FIRE                 % 100            Roof:   A L                      AS      AL
                                                                                                                                      Ext:   LA           A
                                                  AN TOWN, NH 03123                                                                    Int: LAS                             ALL
                                                                                                                                    Floor:            S               L       L             S
                                                                                                                                     Heat:    L A
                                                                                        S                                     Bedrooms:               Baths:                            Fixtures:
PROPERTY RECORD CARD – BACK




                                                    ate       erm t         erm t y e          tes                                            Extra itchens:                          Fireplaces:
                                                  10/07/14   14 38         SHED              12X36 & 12X24                           A/C:                                           Generators:
                                                                                                                                   Quality: A A
                                                                                                                              Com. Wall:
                                                                                                                                Size Adj:                                    Base Rate:          SA
                                                                                                                                                                            Bldg. Rate:
                                                                                                                                                                          Sq. Foot Cost:
                                                                                                                                               L              S       A      A      A LS
                                        SA   L A               A SAL A                                                       CRL
                                                                                                                                           es r t n
                                                                                                                                      CRAWL SPACE
                                                                                                                                                                            Area
                                                                                                                                                                                 63
                                                                                                                                                                                          A
                                                                                                                                                                                          0.05
                                                                                                                                                                                                      e t
                                                                                                                                                                                                          3
                                                                                                                             ATU      ATTIC                                    494        0.10          49
                                                                                                                             STO      STORAGE AREA                             650        0.25         163




                                                                                                                                                                                                              PAGE 74
                                                                                                                             FFF      FST FLR FIN                              952        1.00         952
                                                                                                                             BMU      BSMNT                                    889        0.15         133
                                                                                                                             TQF      3/4 STR FIN                              720        0.75         540
                                                                                                                             EPF      ENCLOSED                                   20       0.70          14
                                                                                                                              LA
                                                                                                                                             AS           A           L           AL A
                                                                                                                                     Market Cost New:
                                                                                                                                              ear Built:
                                                                                                                                     Condition For Age:           AVERAGE
                                                                                                                                               Physical:
                                                                                                                                             Functional:
                                                                                                                                             Economic:
                                                                                                                                             Temporary:
                                                                                                                                     Total Depreciation:
                                                                                                                                         Building Value:
(1)   Picture - A color or black and white digital picture, if one is attached, usually a picture of
      the sketched building.

(2)   Owner Information - Repeats the owner’s information from the front for ease of use.

(3)   Taxable Districts - This area lists any town districts and the percentage of the property in
      each district.

(4)   Building Details - The title bar displays the story height, building style, and year built.
       Model - Story Height/Bldg Type         Fireplaces
       Roof - Style & Material Cover          A/C – Central Air
       Ext - Exterior Wall Cover              Generators
       Int - Interior Wall Material           Quality - Building Quality Description
       Floor - Floor Cover Material           Com Wall - Commercial Wall Structure
       Heat - Type & Fuel                     Size Adj - Size Adjustment Factor
       Bedrooms - # of Bedrooms               Base Rate - Building Square Foot Cost
       Baths - # of Baths                     Bldg Rate - Overall Bldg Factor based on Prior
       Fixtures - Total # of Bath Fixtures    Bldg Description
       Sq Foot Cost - Final Adjusted Bldg Sq Ft Cost
       Extra Kitchens - In-law or Living Area Kitchen

(5)   Permits - Area to keep track of issued building permits, manually or automatically, from
      the Avitar Building Permit module, if town building inspector is using that module.

(6)   Building Sketch – The area in which the CAMA generated sketch can be found. Labeling
      of all sections is located within each area. The acronyms in the sketch, which consists of
      three letters, are shown to the right of the sketch in the Building Sub Area Details section
      in a more readable, but still in an abbreviated format.

(7)   Building Sub Area Details - This shows the Sub Area ID and description, the actual area
      for each sub area, the cost factor associated with it as a percentage of the Building Square
      Foot Cost, and the effective area, which is the actual area times the cost factor.

      Example: A first floor finished (FFF) might be worth $86/sq ft, but an attached deck
               would not be. By using the 10% cost factor, the square foot cost of the deck
               would be $8.60. So, if you have a 100 square foot deck at $8.60/sf, it would be
               valued at $860. Put another way, 100 sf times cost adjustment factor of 10% =
               10 sf. 10 sf x $86 base rate = $860. As you can see, using the adjustment this
               way is the same, but it enables the computation of the total effective area for
               use in the overall size adjustment computation and for comparing the effective
               area of comparable structures.

(8)   Base Year Building Valuation – This is calculated by multiplying the total effective area
      by the Building Adjusted Base Rate, displayed just above and to the right of the sketch.
      This represents the undepreciated value of the structure, or rather the cost to replace the
      structure with a similar structure at the time the assessment was made, based on the local
      market data. The base year is the year of the last valuation update and the year from which




                                             PAGE 75
       the age depreciation of the building is computed.

       Normal         Depreciation based on the age and condition of the building.
       Physical       Is added depreciation to account for the loss in value due to wear and tear
                      and the forces of nature.
       Functional     Added depreciation is the loss in value due to the inability of the structure
                      to perform adequately the function for which it is used, based on problems
                      with design, layout and/or use of the buildings.
       Economic       Added depreciation based on factors influencing value that are external to
                      the property and generally not controlled by the owner.
       Temporary      Generally used for a building in a transitional phase such as renovation,
                      remodeling or new construction not completed as of April 1st. It is expected
                      to change yearly as construction is completed.

This approach ensures consistent age depreciation, but also allows the supervisor to make
individual added depreciation on final field review, as deemed needed for each property. See
Section 4 - Depreciation - Manual Calculation.
       •   Total Dpr - Total all depreciation.
       •   Assessment is the actual assessed value of the building and is calculated by multiplying
           the Building Market Cost New value by (100% - Total Depreciation %).

                          Building Market Cost New = $227,000
                          Total Depreciation = 21%         x    .79 (100% - 21%=79% or .79)
                                                           $179,330
                          Rounded to $179,300 = Building Assessment




                                                 PAGE 76
A. Commonly Used Abbreviations
A/C          Air Conditioning         LLA           Lot Line Adjustment
AC           Acres                    LTD           Limited
ACC          Access                   LOC           Location
AMNTY        Amenity                  LUCT          Land Use Change Tax
ATT          Attached                 ME            Measured & Estimated
AVG          Average                  MH            Manufactured Home
BC           Blind Curve              MHD           Manufactured Home-Double
BCH          Beach                    MHS           Manufactured
                                                    Wide           Home-Single
BKL          Backland                 MKB           Modern
                                                    Wide Kitchen/Bath
BR           Bedroom                  M/L           Measured & Listed
BSMNT/BMT    Basement                 MPU           Most Probable Use
BTH          Bath                     NBD           Non-Buildable
CB           Cinder/Concrete Block    NC            No Change
CE           Conservation Easement    NICU          Not in Current Use
CK/CHK       Check                    NOH           No One Home
CLR          Clear                    NSFA          No Show for Appointment
COF          Comm Office Area         NV            No Value
COND         Condition                OKB           Outdated Kitchen/Bath
CTD          Cost to Develop          P&B           Post & Beam
CTR          Close to Road            PDS or PDAS   Pull Down Stairs/Attic Stairs
CU           Current Use              PF            Pond Frontage
CW           Common Wall              PLE           Power Line Easement
DB           Dirt Basement            PR            Poor
DNPU         Did Not Pick Up          PRS           Pier Foundation
DNV          Did Not View             PU            Pickup
DNVI         Did Not View Interior    RBL           Road Bisects Lot
DTW          Distance to Waterfront   RD            Road
DV           Data Verification        REF           Refused
DW           Driveway                 RF            River Frontage
ENT          Entrance                 ROW           Right of Way (R/W)
ESMNT        Easement                 SHDW          Shared Driveway
EST          Estimate                 SUBD          Subdivision
EXC          Excellent                TOPO          Topography
EXT          Exterior                 UC            Under Construction
FF           Front Feet on Road       UNB           Unbuildable
FIN          Finished                 UND           Undeveloped
FLR          Floor                    UNF           Unfinished
FND          Foundation               VBO           Verified by Owner
FP           Flood Plain              VGD           Very Good
FPL          Fireplace                VPR           Very Poor
FR           Fair                     VU            View
FS           Field Stone              WA            Water Access
GAR          Garage                   WB            Wet Basement
GD           Good                     WF            Water Frontage
HO           Homeowner                WH            Wall Height
INCL         Included                 WOB           Walkout Basement
INFO         Information              W&D           Windows & Door
INT          Interior                 XFOB          Extra Features
LB           Low Basement             XSWF          Excess Water Frontage
LDK          Loading Dock             YB            Year Built




                                      PAGE 77
B. Definitions
Abatement: An official reduction or elimination of one’s taxes.

Abstraction Method: Method of land valuation in the absence of vacant land sales, whereby
improvement values obtained from the cost model are subtracted from sales prices of improved
parcels to yield residual land value estimates. Also called land residual technique.

Ad Valorem Tax: A tax levied in proportion to the value of the thing(s) being taxed. Exclusive
of exemptions, use-value assessment provisions, and the like. The property tax is an ad valorem
tax.

Age/Life Method (Depreciation): A method of estimating accrued depreciation founded on the
premise that, in the aggregate, a neat mathematical function can be used to infer accrued
depreciation from the age of a property and its economic life. Another term is “straight-line
depreciation” (see depreciation, accrued; and depreciation method, straight-line).

Allocation Method: A method used to value land, in the absence of vacant land sales, by using a
typical ratio of land to improvement value. Also called land ratio method.

Amenity: A feature of an improvement that enhances its suitability for its basic use. A fireplace
in a single-family residence is an amenity, as is covered parking at an apartment complex. By
definition, amenities always increase value. Use of land owned in common, like in a condominium
complex, is an added value or amenity.

Anticipated Use Method: A method used to appraise underdeveloped land. Expected
improvements to the land are specified, and total development costs are estimated and subtracted
from the projected selling price to give an estimate of the value of the undeveloped land.

Appeal: A process in which a property owner contests an assessment either informally or formally.

Appraisal Date: The date as of which a property’s value is estimated.

Appraisal Methods: The three methods of appraisal. The cost approach, income approach, and
sales comparison approach.

Appreciation: Increase in value of a property, in terms of money, from causes other than additions
and betterments. For example, a farm may appreciate if a shopping center is built nearby, and
property of any sort may appreciate as a result of inflation.

Arm’s-Length Sale: A sale in the open market between two unrelated parties, each of whom is
reasonably knowledgeable of market conditions and under no undue pressure to buy or sell.

Assemblage: The assembling of adjacent parcels of land into a single unit. Compare “plottage”.

Assess: To value property officially for the purpose of taxation.

Assessed Value: (1) A value set on real estate by a government as a basis for levying taxes; (2)
The monetary amount for a property as officially entered on the assessment roll for purposes of
computing the tax levy. Assessed values differ from the assessor's estimate of actual (market) value




                                              PAGE 78
for three major reasons: fractional assessment ratios, partial exemptions, and decisions by
assessing officials to override market value.

Assessment: The official act of discovering, listing, and estimating property value and other
property assessments.

Assessment Card: A card used by an assessor with land and building information, including
acreage, sketch or photograph of a building, a description of its location, a list of the principal
factors affecting its reproduction cost and depreciation, and the calculations of cost and
depreciation. Also called a “property record card”.

Assessment Equity: The degree to which assessments bear a consistent relationship to market
value.

Assessment Progressivity or Regressivity: An estimated assessing bias such that high-value
properties are appraised higher (or lower) than low-value properties in relation to market values.
It is computed by the Price-Related Differential; however, it is not statistically definitive, but
merely an indication of a possible bias.

Assessment-to-Sale Price Ratio: The ratio of the assessed value to the sale price (or adjusted
sale price) of a property; a simple indication of assessment accuracy.

Bias: A statistic is said to be biased if the expected value of that statistic is not equal to the
population parameter being estimated. A process is said to be biased if it produces results that vary
systematically with some factor that should be irrelevant.

Board of Tax and Land Appeals (BTLA): Empowered by RSA 71-B, the Board of Tax and
Land Appeals has responsibility for: (1) hearing appeals of individual tax assessments, exemptions
or refunds, whether levied by the State or its municipalities; (2) hearing petitions for reassessment
and determining the adequacy of reassessments ordered by the Board; and (3) determining any
appeals of the equalization ratios established by the Commissioner of the NH Department of
Revenue Administration.

Capitalization Rate: Any rate used to convert an estimate of future income to an estimate of
market value. The ratio of net operating income to market value.

Coefficient of Dispersion (COD): The average deviation of a group of numbers from the median
expressed as a percentage of the median. In ratio studies, the average percentage deviation from
the median ratio.

Computer Assisted Mass Appraisal (CAMA): A system of appraising property, usually only
certain types of real property, that incorporates computer-supported statistical analyses such as
multiple regression analysis and adaptive estimation procedure to assist the assessor in estimating
market value of a large population of properties.

Confidence Interval: For a given confidence level, the range within which one can conclude that
a measure of the population (such as the median or mean appraisal ratio) lies.




                                              PAGE 79
Contributory Value: The amount a component of a property contributes to the total market value.
For improvements, contributory value must be distinguished from cost.

Deferred Maintenance: Repairs and similar improvements that normally would have been made
to a property, but were not made to the property in question, thus increasing the amount of its
depreciation.

Depreciation: Loss in value of an object, relative to its replacement cost new, reproduction cost
new, or original cost, whatever the cause of the loss in value. Depreciation is sometimes subdivided
into three types: physical deterioration (wear and tear), functional obsolescence (suboptimal design
in light of current technologies or tastes), and economic obsolescence (poor location or radically
diminished demand for the product).

Double Net Lease (NN): This type of lease requires only the tenant to pay property taxes and
insurance premiums in addition to rent.

Effective Gross Income (EGI): The potential gross income, less vacancy and collection loss,
plus miscellaneous income.

Escheat: The right to have property reverts to the state for nonpayment of taxes or when there are
no legal heirs of someone who dies without leaving a will.

Encumbrance: Any limitation that affects property rights and value.

Equalization: The process by which an appropriate governmental body attempts to ensure that
all property under its jurisdiction is assessed at the same assessment ratio or at the ratio or ratios
required by law. Equalization may be undertaken at many different levels. Equalization among use
classes (such as agricultural and industrial property) may be undertaken at the local level, as may
equalization among properties in a school district and a transportation district. Equalization among
counties is usually undertaken by the state to ensure that its aid payments are distributed fairly.

Equalized Values: Assessed values after they have all been multiplied by common factors during
equalization.

Estate: A right or interest in property.

Expense: A cost, or that portion of a cost, which under accepted accounting procedures, is
chargeable against income of the current year.

External (Economic) Obsolescence: The loss of value (relative to the cost of replacing a property
with property of equal utility) resulting from causes outside the property that suffers the loss.
Usually locational in nature in the depreciation of real estate, it is more commonly market wide in
personal property, and is generally considered to be economically infeasible to cure.

Fee Simple Estate: The property rights that refer to absolute ownership unencumbered by any
other interest or estate (a right or interest in property), subject only to the limitations imposed by
governmental powers such as eminent domain, taxation, police power, and escheat.

Field Review: The practice of reviewing the reasonableness of assessments by viewing the
properties in question by looking at their exteriors.




                                               PAGE 80
Functional Depreciation: Synonymous with the preferred term “obsolescence”.

Functional Obsolescence: Loss in value of a property resulting from changes in tastes,
preferences, technical innovations, or market standards.

Gross Lease (GR): Is a monthly rent including an estimated utility cost.

IAAO: International Association of Assessing Officers.

Improvements: Buildings, other structures, and attachments or annexations to land that are
intended to remain so attached or annexed, such as sidewalks, trees, drives, tunnels, drains, and
sewers. Note: Sidewalks, curbing, sewers, and highways are sometimes referred to as
“betterment”, but the term “improvements” is preferred.

Income: The payments to its owner that a property is able to produce in a given time span, usually
a year, and usually net of certain expenses of the property.

Income Approach: One of the three approaches to value, based on the concept that current value
is the present worth of future benefits to be derived through income production by an asset over
the remainder of its economic life. The income approach uses capitalization to convert the
anticipated benefits of the ownership of property into an estimate of present value.

Land-to-Building Ratio (Land-to-Improvement Ratio): The proportion of land area to gross
building (improvement) area. For a given use, the most frequently occurring ratio will be that of a
functioning economic unit.

Lease: A written contract by which the lessor (owner) transfers the rights to occupy and use real
or personal property to another (lessee) for a specified time in return for a specified payment (rent).

Leased Fee Estate: An ownership interest held by a lessor with the rights of use and occupancy
conveyed by lease to another.

Leasehold Estate: Interests in real property under the terms of a lease or contract for a specified
period of time, in return for rent or other compensation; the interests in a property that are
associated with the lessee (the tenant) as opposed to the lessor (the property owner). May have
value when market rent exceeds contract rent.

Lessee: The person receiving a possessory interest in property by lease.

Lessor: The person granting a possessory interest in property by lease.

Level of Assessment; Assessment Ratio: The common or overall ratio of assessed values to
market values. Three concepts are commonly of interest: what the assessment ratio is legally
required to be; what the assessment ratio actually is, and what the assessment ratio seems to be, on
the basis of a sample and the application of inferential statistics.

Life Estate: An interest in property that lasts only for a specified person's lifetime; thus, the owner
of a life estate is unable to leave the property to heirs.

Listing: Performing an interior inspection of a property/building.




                                               PAGE 81
Market Approach: Any valuation procedure that incorporates market-derived data, such as the
stock and debt technique, gross rent multiplier method, and allocation by ratio.

Mass Appraisal: The process of valuing a group of properties as of a given date, using standard
methods, employing common data, and allowing for statistical testing.

Mass Appraisal Model: A mathematical expression of how supply and demand factors interact
in a market.

Mean: A measure of central tendency. The result of adding all the values of a variable and dividing
by the number of values. For example, the mean of 3, 5, and 10 is 18 divided by 3, or 6. Also called
arithmetic mean or average.

Median: A measure of central tendency. The value of the middle item in an uneven number of
items arranged or arrayed according to size; the arithmetic average of the two central items in an
even number of items similarly arranged; a positional average that is not affected by the size of
extreme values.

Model Calibration: The development of adjustments, or coefficients based on market analysis
that identifies specific factors with an actual effect on market value.

Modified Gross Lease (MG): This type of lease sits somewhere between a triple net lease and a
gross lease and varies. Some expenses may be included and are defined on a lease by lease basis.

Neighborhood: (1) The environment of a subject property that has a direct and immediate effect
on value; (2) A geographic area defined for some useful purpose, such as to ensure for later
multiple regression modeling that the properties are homogeneous and share important locational
characteristics.

Net Operating Income (NOI): (1) The income expected from a property, after deduction of
allowable expenses; (2) Net annual income is the amount generated by a property after subtracting
vacancy and collection loss, adding secondary income, and subtracting all expenses required to
maintain the property for its intended use. The expenses include management fees, reserves for
replacement, maintenance, property taxes, and insurance, but do not include debt service, reserves
for building additions, or income tax.

Net Leasable Area (also referred to as rentable square footage): The area within a building or
structure that is actually occupied by an individual tenant. Net leasable area does not include any
of the common areas, such as lobbies and restrooms shared by other tenants.

Obsolescence: A decrease in the value of a property occasioned solely by shifts in demand from
properties of this type to other types of property and/or to personal services. Some of the principal
causes of obsolescence are: (1) changes in the esthetic arts; (2) changes in the industrial arts, such
as new inventions and new processes; (3) legislative enactments; (4) change in consumer demand
for products that results in inadequacy or over adequacy; (5) migration of markets that results in
misplacement of the property. Contrast depreciation, physical; depreciation, economic.

Overall Rate (OAR): A capitalization rate that blends all requirements of discount, recapture, and
effective tax rates for both land and improvements; used to convert annual net operating income




                                               PAGE 82
into an indicated overall property value.

Partial Interest: An interest (in property) that is less complete than a fee simple interest. Also,
known as a “fractional” interest.

Percent Good: An estimate of the value of a property, expressed as a percentage of its replacement
cost, after depreciation of all kinds has been deducted.

Physical Depreciation: Depreciation arising solely from a lowered physical condition of the
property or a shortened life span as the result of ordinary use, abuse, and action of the elements.

Plottage Value: (1) The increment of value ascribed to a plot because of its suitability in size,
shape, and/or location with reference to other plots (preferred); (2) The excess of the value of a
large parcel of land formed by assemblage over the sum of the values of the unassembled parcels.
Compare “assemblage”.

Potential Gross Income (PGI): The sum of potential gross rent and miscellaneous income, that
is, the income from rent and other sources that a property could generate with normal management,
before allowing for vacancies, collection loss and normal operating expenses.

Price Related Differential (PRD): The mean divided by the weighted mean. The statistic has a
slight bias upward and is not statistically definitive; however, price-related differentials above 1.03
tend to indicate assessment regressivity; price-related differentials below 0.98 tend to indicate
assessment progressivity.

Principle of Substitution: The principle of substitution states that no buyer will pay more for a
good than he or she would have to pay to acquire an acceptable substitute of equal utility in an
equivalent amount of time.

Ratio Study: A study of the relationship between assessed values and market sales data.

Real Property: Consists of the interests, benefits, and rights inherent in the ownership of land
plus anything permanently or semi-permanently attached to the land or legally defined as
immovable; the bundle of rights with which ownership of real estate is endowed. To the extent
that "real estate" commonly includes land and any permanent improvements, the two terms can be
understood to have the same meaning. Also called “realty”.

Replacement Cost New Less Depreciation (RCNLD): In the cost approach, replacement cost
new less physical incurable depreciation.

Residual Value of Land: A value ascribed to land alone by deducting from the total value of land
and improvements, the value of the improvements.

Reversion: The right of possession commencing on the termination of a particular estate.

Right-of-Way: R/W or RW, an easement consisting of a rite of passage through the servient
estate. By extension, the strip of land traversed by a railroad or public utility, whether owned by
the railroad or utility company or used under easement agreement.




                                               PAGE 83
Single Net Lease (N): This type of lease requires the tenant to pay only the property taxes in
addition to rent.

Standard Deviation: The statistic calculated from a set of numbers by subtracting the mean from
each value and squaring the remainders, adding together all the squares, dividing by the size of the
sample less one, and taking the square root of the result. When the data are normally distributed,
one can calculate the percentage of observations within any number of standard deviations of the
mean from normal probability tables. When the data are not normally distributed, the standard
deviation is less meaningful, and one should proceed cautiously.

Statistics: (1) Numerical descriptions calculated from a sample, for example, the median, mean,
or coefficient of dispersion. Statistics are used to estimate corresponding measures, termed
parameters, for the population; (2) the science of studying numerical data systematically and of
presenting the results usefully. Two main branches exist: descriptive statistics and inferential
statistics.

Stratification: The division of a sample of observations into two or more subsets according to
some criterion or set of criteria. Such a division may be made to analyze disparate property types,
locations, or characteristics, for example.

Subdivision: A tract of land that has been divided into marketable building lots and such public
and private ways as are required for access to those lots, and that is covered by a recorded plat.

Tax-Exempt Property: Property entirely excluded from taxation because of its type or use. The
most common examples are religious, charitable, educational, or governmental properties. This
definition omits property for which the application of a partial exemption reduces net taxable value
to zero.

Tax Map: A map drawn to scale and delineated for lot lines or property lines or both, with
dimensions or areas and identifying numbers, letters, or names for all delineated lots or parcels.

Tax Rate: The amount of tax stated in terms of a unit of the tax base. For property tax, it is
expressed in dollar of tax per $1,000 of value.

Time-Adjusted Sale Price: The price at which a property sold, adjusted for the effects of price
changes reflected in the market between the date of sale and the date of analysis.

Total Economic Life: The period of time or units of production over which the operation of an
asset is economically feasible, not necessarily the same as its physical life.

Trending: Adjusting the values of a variable for the effects of time. Usually used to refer to
adjustments of assessments intended to reflect the effects of inflation and deflation and sometimes
also, but not necessarily, the effects of changes in the demand for micro locational goods and
services.

Triple Net Lease (NNN): This type of lease requires the tenant to pay ALL expenses in addition
to rent.




                                              PAGE 84
Uniformity: The equality of the burden of taxation in the method of assessment.

Use Class: (1) A grouping of properties based on their use rather than, for example, their acreage
or construction; (2) one of the following classes of property: single-family residential, multifamily
residential, agricultural, commercial, industrial, vacant land, and institutional /exempt; (3) Any
subclass refinement of the above-for example, townhouse, detached single-family, condominium,
house on farm, and so on.

Variance: A measure of dispersion equal to the standard deviation squared.

Zoning: The exercise of the police power to restrict landowners as to the use of their land and/or
the type, size, and location of structures to be erected thereon.




                                              PAGE 85
                               SECTION 6 SALES DATA

A. Date Range of Sales & Effective Date of New Year
Effective date of this revaluation is 4/1/2026.

Sales that occurred between 4/1/25 and 5/15/26 were used in the preliminary analysis. Sales after
4/1/26 may not have been visited for verification.

A total of 126 qualified sales were used in the preliminary analysis/testing.


B. Qualified & Unqualified Sales Report
The following sales listing for all sales that were verified as qualified “market sales” (via PA-34
reports filed by the buyer and seller at the time of the transaction, onsite visits, sales questionnaires
or through research of MLS listing services) that were discovered and used in the analysis of costs
for the revaluation. There are two listings. The first is a list of all Market Sales commonly called
Qualified. The second is a listing of all the sales considered non-market or unqualified sales and
not used in the cost analysis.

The sales list includes the following abbreviations, defined here:

LC=Land Use Code
        CI          Commercial/Industrial
        EX-F        Exempt-Federal
        EX-M        Exempt-Municipal
        EX-P        Exempt-PILOT (Payment in Lieu of Taxes)
        EX-S        Exempt-State
        R1          1F Residential (1F = One Family)
        R1A         1F Residential Water Access
        R1W         1F Residential Waterfront
        R2          2F Residential (2F = Two Family)
        R2A         2F Residential Water Access
        R2W         2F Residential Waterfront
        R3          3F Residential (3F = Three Family)
        R3A         3F Residential Water Access
        R3W         3F Residential Waterfront
        R4          4F Residential (4F = Four Family)
        R4A         4F Residential Water Access
        R4W         4F Residential Waterfront
        UTL         Utility-Other
        UTLE        Utility-Electric
        UTLG        Utility-Gas
        UTLW        Utility-Water




                                                PAGE 86
NC=Neighborhood Code
       A       60%            40% Below the Average
       B       70%            30% Below the Average
       C       80%            20% Below the Average
       D       90%            10% Below the Average
       E       100%           Average for the Town
       F       110%           10% Above the Average
       G       120%           20% Above the Average
       H       130%           30% Above the Average
       I       140%           40% Above the Average
       J       150%           50% Above the Average
       K       160%           60% Above the Average
       L       170%           70% Above the Average
       M       180%           80% Above the Average
       N       190%           90% Above the Average
       P       200%           100% Above the Average
       Q       225%           125% Above the Average
       R       250%           150% Above the Average
       S       275%           175% Above the Average
       T       300%           200% Above the Average
       X       Backland       Not Having Road Frontage

BR = Building Base Rate – See Section 9. Preliminary Valuation Tables

SH=Story Height
       A       1 Story Frame
       B       1.5 Story Frame
       C       1.75 Story Frame
       D       2 Story Frame
       E       2.5 Story Frame
       F       2.75 Story Frame
       G       3 Story Frame
       H       3.5+ Story Frame
       I       Split Level

EFF AREA = Effective Area. This is the actual area of each section of the building adjusted for
cost. In other words, 800 square feet of first floor is more valuable than 800 square feet of
basement, so the basement square footage is adjusted down for cost, and the total effective area is
the sum of all the sub areas adjusted for cost.

I This column will be either “I” for improved, meaning a land and building sale or “V” for
vacant, meaning a land only sale.

Q   This column is “Q” for qualified market sale or “U” for unqualified market sale.




                                             PAGE 87
                                                Sales Analysis Results
                                                    Weare -- 08/11/2026


                                               Sales Analysis Statistics

     Number of Sales:                        126                              Mean Sales Ratio:    1.0109

Minimum Sales Ratio:                       0.8603                          Median Sales Ratio:     1.0037

Maximum Sales Ratio:                       1.2171                            Standard Deviation:   0.0566

Aggregate Sales Ratio:                     1.0118                     Coefficient of Dispersion:   4.1983

                                                                     Price Related Differential:   0.9991

                                                Sales Analysis Criteria

                         Sold: 04/01/2025 - 05/15/2026         Sale Ratios: 0.000 - 999.999

                          Building Value: 0 - 99999999         Bldg Eff. Area: 0 - 99999999

                             Land Value: 0 - 99999999          Land Use: ALL

                         Current Use CR: 0 - 99999999          Acres: 0 - 99999999

                               Year Built: 1600 - 2026         Trend: 0.000% Prior to 08/11/2026

                                    Story Height: ALL          Neighborhood: ALL

                                       Base Rate: ALL          Zone: ALL

                                       Qualified: YES          Unqualified: NO

                                       Improved: YES           Vacant: YES

                                            View: All          Waterfront: All

                         Include Comm./Ind./Util.: YES         Water Body: ANY

                                 Filter By Current: NO




                                                         PAGE 88
                                                                         Weare Sales Analysis Report

    Ratio     Map       Lot        Sub      Zone   Acres   LC    NC   BR      SH      Trended        Assessment   I    Q Unqualified Description
              Sale Note                                                    Eff. Area Sale Price       Sale Date          Grantor                    Prior Year Assessment
      0.860 000403        000220   000135   02      0.00   R1    E    MHS A             $ 188,590        $ 162,200 I   Q
                                                                         912                         11/17/2025            DOUGHERTY, EILEEN W                   $ 63,500
      0.879 000412        000069   000025   07      0.00   R1    E    MHS A             $ 172,493        $ 151,600 I   Q
                                                                         787                         07/09/2025            THOMAN, PAUL L                        $ 84,800
      0.902 000103  000031         000000   07      2.16   R2W   D    RSA C            $ 1,250,900     $ 1,127,800 I   Q
            ADDITION                                                     2,118                       04/30/2025            BOMHOFF, JOHN M                      $ 804,500
      0.909 000412  000154         000001   07      2.35   R1    F    RSA D             $ 530,283        $ 482,100 I   Q
                                                                         2,210                       05/14/2025            NH JJC 2024 LLC                      $ 326,700
      0.911 000404 000117   000004     07      5.00  R1          F    RSA A             $ 555,167        $ 505,900 I   Q
            IMPROVED AFTER SALE ON 7/21/25, AND RESOLD                   1,718                       11/07/2025            D&M PROPERTY INVESTMEN               $ 295,000
      0.919 000106 000015   000000     02      0.73 R1A          C                      $ 260,109        $ 239,000 I   Q
                                                                                                     09/10/2025            MEYERS, EDWARD A                     $ 227,100
      0.919 000107        000031   000000   07      0.79   R1    F    RSA A             $ 464,251        $ 426,700 I   Q
                                                                         1,517                       07/02/2025            VINNACOMBE, ANDREW M                 $ 251,600
      0.932 000401        000004   000046   07      0.00   R1    F    RCD E             $ 401,072        $ 373,800 I   Q
                                                                         1,445                       01/09/2026            J.B. RICHARDSON TRUST                $ 247,400
      0.933 000412        000255   000000   07      3.01   R1    F    RSA C             $ 485,233        $ 452,700 I   Q
                                                                         1,698                       08/20/2025            CAGGIANO, NICHOLAS J                 $ 289,200
      0.939 000408        000102   000000   02      2.00   R1    F    RSA C             $ 530,350        $ 497,800 I   Q
                                                                         1,608                       05/21/2025            ANTOGNONI, JOSEPH M                  $ 311,900
      0.939 000107  000064  000000     02    0.44          R1W   D    RSA A             $ 593,427        $ 557,400 I   Q
            GOOD SITE/LANDSCAPE, INT UPDATED                             1,312                       04/09/2025            OTT, RODICA THERESA                  $ 311,900
      0.944 000401  000004  000047     07    0.00          R1    F    RCD E             $ 400,168        $ 377,700 I   Q
                                                                         1,494                       09/05/2025            HEGNAUER, AMANDA K 202               $ 250,600
      0.944 000404        000019   000000   02      5.57   R1    D                      $ 107,058        $ 101,100 V   Q
                                                                                                     07/10/2025            MERITHEW, ASHLEY                      $ 50,200
      0.945 000403   000107   000000  02     1.50 R1    F             RSA A             $ 360,259        $ 340,600 I   Q
            NEW FLOORS, FINISHED BASEMENT AND RENOVATIONS                1,073                       04/09/2025            DAVIS ROAD LLC                       $ 200,100
      0.947 000201   000039   000000  07     0.30 CI    E             CST B             $ 720,432        $ 682,600 I   Q
            , NO EVIDENCE OF MARKETING FOUND                             3,253                       06/20/2025            VALHALLA 143, LLC                    $ 361,400
      0.949 000411   000173   000000  05     2.02 R1    E             RSA E             $ 230,000        $ 218,200 I   Q
                                                                         3,351                       04/22/2026            EATON, JOHN E                        $ 318,000
      0.954 000401        000004   000063   02      0.00   R1    F    RCD E             $ 400,168        $ 381,600 I   Q
                                                                         1,586                       09/08/2025            FULLER, PAUL GERARD                  $ 256,400
      0.958 000409        000067   000000   02      2.20   R1    F    RSA D             $ 512,715        $ 491,300 I   Q
                                                                         2,029                       09/10/2025            HEBERT, MICHAEL                      $ 310,900
      0.959 000411        000378   000000   07      5.60   R1    F    RSA D             $ 739,000        $ 708,500 I   Q
                                                                         2,815                       04/07/2026            GOULART-LYNCH, SCOTT M               $ 424,200
      0.961 000407        000038   000126   02      0.00   R1    F    MRV A               $ 77,032        $ 74,000 I   Q
                                                                         330                         09/08/2025            LABRANCHE, LYNN E                     $ 24,900

Printed: 08/11/2026 3:16:09 pm                                        Trended 0.006% prior to 04/01/2026
                                                                                  PAGE 89
    Ratio     Map       Lot        Sub      Zone   Acres   LC    NC   BR      SH      Trended        Assessment   I    Q Unqualified Description
              Sale Note                                                    Eff. Area Sale Price       Sale Date          Grantor                    Prior Year Assessment
      0.964 000408        000081   000000   02      2.00   R1    F    RSA C             $ 522,782        $ 504,000 I   Q
                                                                         2,330                       07/31/2025            SIZEMORE FAMILY REVOC                $ 340,100
      0.964 000412        000164   000000   02      5.07   R1    F    RSA D             $ 531,127        $ 512,200 I   Q
                                                                         1,458                       12/02/2025            GALLANT II, WILLIAM                  $ 286,600
      0.964 000411        000206   000003   07      2.66   R1    F    RSA D             $ 685,164        $ 660,800 I   Q
                                                                         3,527                       12/19/2025            TSEPAS, LINDSAY                      $ 439,700
      0.965 000412        000186   000018   07      2.68   R1    G    RSA D             $ 665,399        $ 642,200 I   Q
                                                                         2,791                       06/25/2025            WALLACE, SHAYNE MICHAE               $ 444,000
      0.969 000407        000038   000062   02      0.00   R1    F    MRV A               $ 72,522        $ 70,300 I   Q
                                                                         480                         11/14/2025            GONYA, DENNIS                         $ 30,200
      0.970 000409   000157   0008-1   07    5.04          R1    F    RSA D             $ 713,013        $ 691,500 I   Q
            2024 LAND AND 25 NEW HOUSE COMPLETED                         2,970                       04/16/2025            BLUE PRINT HOMES, LLC                $ 462,300
      0.970 000411   000174   000000   05   12.25          CI    E                      $ 175,116        $ 169,900 V   Q
                                                                                                     05/05/2025            EATON, JOHN E                         $ 82,100
      0.970 000411        000343   000000   07      2.72   R2    F    RSA A             $ 515,124        $ 499,800 I   Q
                                                                         1,853                       12/09/2025            GIROUX, PETER C                      $ 265,300
      0.971 000401        000004   000049   07      0.00   R1    F    RCD E             $ 400,240        $ 388,800 I   Q
                                                                         1,576                       06/25/2025            PERREAULT FAMILY TRUST               $ 255,700
      0.972 000404        000052   000000   02      1.78   R1    F    RSA C             $ 525,000        $ 510,500 I   Q
                                                                         2,895                       05/01/2026            GRENIER, JOHN G                      $ 370,600
      0.973 000106        000012   000000   02      0.75   R1A   C    RSA B             $ 550,197        $ 535,300 I   Q
                                                                         2,190                       07/07/2025            HURLBURT FAMILY REVOC                $ 351,500
      0.975 000407        000038   000061   02      0.00   R1    F    MRV A               $ 40,017        $ 39,000 I   Q
                                                                         570                         09/29/2025            WEBER, WILLIAM S                      $ 28,800
      0.978 000408        000157   000000   05      7.02   CI    E    CGS A             $ 600,072        $ 587,000 I   Q
                                                                         3,190                       02/11/2026            CURRIER, ROBERT C                    $ 319,000
      0.981 000405        000073   000011   07      1.10   R1    G    RSA E             $ 638,306        $ 626,000 I   Q
                                                                         2,903                       08/01/2025            L'HEUREUX, STEVEN M                  $ 407,200
      0.983 000404        000007   000000   02      2.02   R1    F    RSA D             $ 516,886        $ 507,900 I   Q
                                                                         2,681                       10/14/2025            FIELDING, ELIZABETH J                $ 340,300
      0.983 000405        000047   000005   07      2.32   R1    F    RSA C             $ 460,276        $ 452,600 I   Q
                                                                         1,545                       06/17/2025            WOOD, TYLER SCOTT                    $ 296,700
      0.984 000104        000004   000000   02      0.22   R1W   D    RSA D             $ 780,187        $ 768,000 I   Q
                                                                         2,353                       12/08/2025            KUCK, ERIC A                         $ 564,500
      0.985 000403        000220   000133   02      0.00   R1    E    MHD A             $ 285,154        $ 280,800 I   Q
                                                                         1,881                       07/31/2025            HADLEY, CRAIG A                      $ 189,400
      0.986 000409        000044   000000   02      9.88   R1    F    RSA D             $ 590,035        $ 581,900 I   Q
                                                                         2,503                       03/02/2026            GAMBLE, JAEDE L                      $ 361,700
      0.987 000202        000025   000000   07      4.90   R1    E    RSA C             $ 400,144        $ 394,900 I   Q
                                                                         1,463                       10/24/2025            SWIONTEK, JARRED PAUL                $ 236,600



Printed: 08/11/2026 3:16:09 pm                                        Trended 0.006% prior to 04/01/2026
                                                                                  PAGE 90
    Ratio     Map       Lot        Sub      Zone   Acres   LC   NC   BR      SH      Trended        Assessment      I   Q Unqualified Description
              Sale Note                                                   Eff. Area Sale Price       Sale Date            Grantor                    Prior Year Assessment
      0.987 000411        000261   000000   02      2.05   R1   F
                                                                RSA C                  $ 520,312        $ 513,500   I   Q
                                                                   1,922                            06/19/2025              PLOURDE JR, DANIEL CH                $ 338,100
      0.987   000409  000083  000000    02       2.02  R1   F RSA E                    $ 567,204        $ 559,900   I   Q
                                                                   2,735                            10/17/2025              MARTIN, FAMILY REVOC T               $ 372,800
      0.987   000411  000231  000000    07       0.76  R1   E RMF A                    $ 530,124        $ 523,400   I   Q
                                                                   2,169                            10/30/2025              DIONNE, JOSEPH HENRY                 $ 311,800
      0.988   000106  000008  000000    02       0.69 R1A  C RSA B                     $ 526,028        $ 519,900   I   Q
                                                                   2,077                            01/13/2026              CAMPBELL, TIFFANY A                  $ 377,700
      0.990   000408  000163  000000    05      45.39  R3   E RSA C                    $ 630,454        $ 624,000   I   Q
                                                                   1,405                            04/30/2025              ILSLEY, ALLEN TRUST                  $ 369,600
      0.991   000201  000043  000000    04       2.29  CI   F CDC A                    $ 900,108        $ 891,600   I   Q
              TAX STAMPS CALCULATE TO $700,000 SP HOWEVER MLS 50   3,873                            02/05/2026              WOODBURY ROAD, LLC                   $ 656,300
      0.991   000409  000059  000004    02      13.41  R1   F RSA B                   $ 1,921,733     $ 1,905,100   I   Q
                                                                   4,823                            04/02/2026              COUTURE, STEVE M REVOC             $ 1,097,100
      0.992   000202  000125  000000    07      14.80 R1W   F RSA C                    $ 680,000        $ 674,800   I   Q
                                                                   3,375                            04/23/2026              BROWN, MONTAGUE & MEET               $ 456,000
      0.994   000412  000037  000001    02       5.87  R1   F RSA D                    $ 570,308        $ 567,000   I   Q
                                                                   2,452                            07/15/2025              BURSTEIN, RAYMOND E                  $ 373,400
      0.997   000407  000071  000000    04      30.40  R1   F RSA E                    $ 675,243        $ 672,900   I   Q
                                                                   4,278                            10/30/2025              POPE, SYLVIA T                       $ 551,200
      0.997   000403  000089  000029    02       1.69  R1  G RSA D                     $ 625,038        $ 623,300   I   Q
                                                                   2,135                            03/05/2026              TANCREDE, ROGER& PAULI               $ 380,800
      0.998   000412  000197  000002    07       1.21  R1  G RSA D                     $ 615,332        $ 614,000   I   Q
                                                                   2,340                            07/01/2025              MCLAUGHLIN, ROBERT T                 $ 404,800
      0.999   000412  000069  000007    07       0.00  R1   E MHS A                    $ 150,014        $ 149,900   I   Q
                                                                   784                              07/02/2025              KOSTER, BEVERLY A.                   $ 100,200
      1.000   000411  000267  000000    02       3.42  R1   F RSA C                     $ 560,034       $ 560,000   I   Q
                                                                   2,881                            03/23/2026              ZLOTRG, ALDIN                        $ 395,200
      1.000   000109  000053  00002B    02       0.00 R1W   F RCD D                     $ 375,113       $ 375,100   I   Q
                                                                   1,317                            11/12/2025              KOTRADY, CHAD M & CAMI               $ 242,400
      1.000   000410  000142  000003    02       0.00  R1   F RCD D                     $ 240,000       $ 240,000   I   Q
                                                                   1,177                            04/17/2026              JANKEVICIUS, DANAS                   $ 148,200
      1.001   000403  000181  000004    07       0.52  R1   F RSA D                     $ 450,081       $ 450,500   I   Q
                                                                   1,873                            01/30/2026              FILKINS, PERRY C                     $ 282,900
      1.001   000411  000194  000000    06      48.91  CI   E IWH A                   $ 1,100,396     $ 1,101,600   I   Q
                                                                   8,936                            10/01/2025              HMI ACQUISITION LLC                  $ 551,600
      1.001   000405  000020  000000    07       0.68  R1   F RSA C                     $ 575,000       $ 575,700   I   Q
                                                                   2,846                            05/06/2026              HARDY HOMES PROPERTIES                $ 46,400
      1.002   000411  000162  000000    02       2.88  R1   F RSA D                     $ 541,260       $ 542,300   I   Q
                                                                   1,974                            08/15/2025              BURNHAM, DEAN R                      $ 342,700



Printed: 08/11/2026 3:16:09 pm                                       Trended 0.006% prior to 04/01/2026
                                                                                 PAGE 91
    Ratio     Map       Lot        Sub      Zone   Acres   LC   NC   BR      SH      Trended        Assessment   I    Q Unqualified Description
              Sale Note                                                   Eff. Area Sale Price       Sale Date          Grantor                    Prior Year Assessment
      1.002 000201        000071   000001   07      2.38   R1   E    RSA E             $ 675,162        $ 676,800 I   Q
                                                                        3,388                       12/09/2025            PLANTE FAMILY REVOCABL               $ 472,900
      1.002 000412        000192   000000   07      3.77   R1   F    MHD A             $ 370,078        $ 371,000 I   Q
                                                                        1,516                       08/22/2025            LAPOINTE, LOUIS A                    $ 266,200
      1.003 000407        000080   000000   04      5.00   R1   F    RSA C             $ 630,000        $ 631,700 I   Q
                                                                        3,168                       05/12/2026            MIX, LAUREN                          $ 399,700
      1.004 000105        000037   000000   02      0.69   R1   D    RSA C             $ 495,208        $ 497,200 I   Q
                                                                        1,959                       09/05/2025            PRATT LIVING TRUST                   $ 294,500
      1.006 000408        000052   000000   07      0.29   R1   F    RSA A             $ 342,000        $ 343,900 I   Q
                                                                        1,023                       04/14/2026            PARTIN, GRANT A                      $ 219,300
      1.006 000409        000090   000000   02     15.70   R1   F    RSA D             $ 900,378        $ 905,400 I   Q
                                                                        4,244                       09/22/2025            PLAN B FARMS LLC                     $ 615,100
      1.008 000202        000092   000000   07      0.50   R1   F    RSA B             $ 300,108        $ 302,600 I   Q
                                                                        933                         10/07/2025            WELLMAN, DONALD                      $ 179,700
      1.010 000201        000097   000002   02      2.35   R1   F    RSA A             $ 470,310        $ 475,000 I   Q
                                                                        2,040                       05/22/2025            COLBY, LINDA J                       $ 315,900
      1.010 000409        000191   000007   07     10.06 CUUW   G                      $ 170,041        $ 171,800 V   Q
                                                                                                    12/20/2025            KELLY, BRIAN J                        $ 20,900
      1.012 000405        000016   000000   07      2.00   R1   F    RSA C             $ 516,217        $ 522,300 I   Q
                                                                        2,091                       09/10/2025            STILLWELL, RACHEL                    $ 342,900
      1.013 000412        000132   000000   04      0.50   R1   F    RSA D             $ 352,754        $ 357,400 I   Q
                                                                        1,775                       04/01/2025            COOMBES, JUSTIN                      $ 236,100
      1.013 000405        000062   000022   07      0.98   R1   F    RSA D             $ 733,132        $ 742,900 I   Q
                                                                        3,189                       01/02/2026            ROUSSEAU, CRYSTAL ANNE               $ 578,300
      1.014 000405        000073   000009   07      1.11   R1   G    RSA D             $ 623,299        $ 631,900 I   Q
                                                                        2,787                       08/07/2025            DUCHARME, MARC                       $ 424,100
      1.015 000404        000049   000000   02      2.00   R1   F    RSA C             $ 460,028        $ 466,700 I   Q
                                                                        1,902                       03/13/2026            BLAIS WM & CYNTHIA REV               $ 314,800
      1.015 000408        000024   000000   02      3.59   R1   G    RSA C             $ 680,041        $ 690,500 I   Q
                                                                        3,072                       03/27/2026            LISEE, REWMI L & JOAN                $ 491,600
      1.017 000412        000216   000000   02      1.16   R1   F    RSA D             $ 445,107        $ 452,800 I   Q
                                                                        2,031                       12/02/2025            BABICZ, ANTHONY J                    $ 290,000
      1.018 000403        000105   000000   02      1.21   R1   F    RSA C             $ 533,756        $ 543,300 I   Q
                                                                        2,497                       08/08/2025            ZASLAW, RICHARD ALLAN                $ 365,100
      1.020 000412        000165   000000   07      5.00   R2   F    RSA C              $ 600,396       $ 612,400 I   Q
                                                                        2,632                       05/21/2025            CHAPMAN, ROBERT & ELEA               $ 421,900
      1.023 000403        000220   000132   02      0.00   R1   E    MHD A              $ 225,135       $ 230,400 I   Q
                                                                        1,243                       06/17/2025            HUTCHINSON, SUSAN                    $ 127,900
      1.024 000203        000089   000000   07      2.01   R1   F    RSA C              $ 530,223       $ 542,800 I   Q
                                                                        2,407                       09/24/2025            WEST, DAVID PAUL                     $ 328,400



Printed: 08/11/2026 3:16:09 pm                                       Trended 0.006% prior to 04/01/2026
                                                                                 PAGE 92
    Ratio     Map       Lot        Sub      Zone   Acres   LC    NC   BR      SH      Trended       Assessment   I    Q Unqualified Description
              Sale Note                                                    Eff. Area Sale Price      Sale Date          Grantor                    Prior Year Assessment
      1.024 000411        000055   000000   02      2.05   R1    F    RSA D             $ 540,356       $ 553,200 I   Q
                                                                         2,725                      05/16/2025            MEYERS, EDWARD A                     $ 387,500
      1.024 000110        000009   000001   02      2.14   R1A   F    RSA D             $ 625,188       $ 640,100 I   Q
                                                                         2,611                      11/18/2025            HEBERT FSMILY REVOC TR               $ 367,600
      1.026 000404        000168   000002   02      3.49   R1    F    RSA D             $ 665,319       $ 682,300 I   Q
                                                                         2,717                      08/01/2025            RICE, MORGAN                         $ 445,800
      1.028 000202        000158   000000   07      7.70   R1    F    RSA D             $ 520,187       $ 534,500 I   Q
                                                                         2,766                      10/23/2025            EVANS FAMILY TRUST                   $ 399,100
      1.028 000401        000004   000029   02      0.00   R1    F    RCD E             $ 370,000       $ 380,300 I   Q
                                                                         1,569                      05/11/2026            GORSKI, ROBERT E REV                 $ 255,200
      1.029 000408        000015   000000   02      5.04   R1    F    RSA D             $ 625,225       $ 643,400 I   Q
                                                                         2,388                      10/01/2025            PATTERSON, SCOTT C                   $ 394,900
      1.030 000409        000191   000008   07     10.07 CUUW    G                      $ 170,071       $ 175,200 V   Q
                                                                                                    09/29/2025            KELLY, BRIAN J                        $ 21,800
      1.030 000412        000255   000001   07      3.02   R1    F    RSA B             $ 400,120       $ 412,200 I   Q
                                                                         1,476                      11/10/2025            DECKARD, MONICA NICHOL               $ 290,100
      1.031 000408 000145   000000    02     2.34          R3    F    RSA B             $ 617,333       $ 636,600 I   Q
            NEW ROOF, PVD DWY; PU POOL & PAT                             2,756                      07/21/2025            CERULLO, DANIEL                      $ 430,100
      1.035 000406 000014   000000    07     1.28          R1    F    RSA E             $ 510,000       $ 527,800 I   Q
                                                                         2,878                      05/08/2026            GORMAN, DANIEL B                     $ 414,200
      1.036 000406        000001   000001   05     16.35   R1    F    RSA D             $ 700,000       $ 725,500 I   Q
                                                                         3,148                      04/14/2026            HIRD, ANDREW R                       $ 503,900
      1.036 000202        000082   000000   07      1.00   R2    F    RSA D             $ 425,000       $ 440,500 I   Q
                                                                         2,095                      04/28/2026            WILUSZ, DAVID W                      $ 291,100
      1.039 000402        000101   000000   02      5.00   R1    F    RSA A             $ 546,295       $ 567,500 I   Q
                                                                         2,470                      07/18/2025            CHURCH-PUGH, ALISON R                $ 364,100
      1.040 000410        000045   000000   02      4.70   R1    F    RSA D             $ 630,076       $ 655,300 I   Q
                                                                         3,889                      02/13/2026            VICE CONSULTING GROUP,               $ 395,000
      1.040 000409        000095   000000   02      5.00   R1    F    RSA D             $ 479,144       $ 498,400 I   Q
                                                                         1,807                      11/12/2025            FREEMAN, LORI A                      $ 328,000
      1.042 000403        000156   000000   02      7.00   R1    F    RSA B             $ 695,375       $ 724,800 I   Q
                                                                         4,077                      07/15/2025            SHORTER FAMILY TRUST                 $ 518,700
      1.046 000409 000154    000002   07    12.12  R1            E    RSA D             $ 576,242       $ 602,600 I   Q
            DEDUCTED $8,400 GENERATOR ADDED AFTER SALE                   2,435                      09/30/2025            FULLER, CHARLES RICARD               $ 406,900
      1.048 000401 000004    000035   02     0.00  R1            F    RCD E             $ 352,712       $ 369,500 I   Q
                                                                         1,430                      06/16/2025            SHELDON FAMILY REVOC T               $ 246,100
      1.049 000403        000089   000002   02      1.16   R1    G    RSA D             $ 590,319       $ 619,200 I   Q
                                                                         2,183                      07/02/2025            KOENIG, CHRISTOPHER W                $ 372,400
      1.049 000411        000245   000000   02      2.00   R1    F    RSA A             $ 510,061       $ 535,100 I   Q
                                                                         3,004                      02/06/2026            NH HOME BUYERS LLC                   $ 357,900



Printed: 08/11/2026 3:16:09 pm                                        Trended 0.006% prior to 04/01/2026
                                                                                  PAGE 93
    Ratio     Map       Lot        Sub      Zone   Acres   LC    NC   BR      SH      Trended        Assessment      I   Q Unqualified Description
              Sale Note                                                    Eff. Area Sale Price       Sale Date            Grantor                   Prior Year Assessment
      1.049 000405        000062   000027   07      1.07   R1    F    RSA D             $ 715,172        $ 750,500   I   Q
                                                                         3,247                       12/02/2025              LOPEZ, ESTEVAN                      $ 591,600
      1.050 000406        000036   000000   07      4.00   R1    F    RSA A             $ 485,000        $ 509,100   I   Q
                                                                         2,394                       04/01/2026              MUNRO, DAVID                        $ 360,500
      1.050 000403        000091   000000   02      1.00   R1    E    RSA A             $ 450,243        $ 472,700   I   Q
                                                                         1,983                       07/30/2025              VIGNOLA, DIANE REVOC                $ 294,200
      1.051 000201  000112   000002  02      5.91          R1    G    RSA B             $ 830,448        $ 873,000   I   Q
            PICKED UP PAVED DRIVEWAY AND SITE                            3,636                       05/16/2025              CULLINANE, KEVIN                    $ 553,500
      1.055 000403  000220   000107  02      0.00          R1    E    MHS A             $ 130,000        $ 137,100   I   Q
                                                                         1,110                       05/15/2026              ROUX, JUDY G                         $ 64,700
      1.057 000411   000124  000000   02      1.07 R2    E            RSA B             $ 490,059        $ 517,800   I   Q
            SALE OF PROPERTY TO NON PROFIT. MORTGAGE DEED.               4,739                       02/24/2026              WILBER, LISA M                      $ 479,200
      1.061 000411   000213  000000   07      2.25 R2    E            RSA C             $ 700,042        $ 742,800   I   Q
                                                                         3,721                       03/24/2026              GOULET, TERRI                       $ 591,700
      1.063 000110        000077   000012   02      1.53   R1A   F    RSA D             $ 530,059        $ 563,500   I   Q
                                                                         2,093                       11/17/2025              MAY, JENNIFER T                     $ 398,200
      1.070 000412        000243   000001   02      5.55   R1    F    RSA D             $ 600,216        $ 642,500   I   Q
                                                                         2,980                       10/31/2025              KAPLAN, ARIEL L                     $ 438,200
      1.075 000411        000369   000002   07      3.42   R1    F    RSA C             $ 612,184        $ 657,900   I   Q
                                                                         4,346                       11/12/2025              ST. HILAIRE, ERIC N                 $ 531,800
      1.076 000412        000069   000041   07      0.00   R1    E    MHD A             $ 210,113        $ 226,000   I   Q
                                                                         1,139                       07/25/2025              CORBINAND, PASCAL H                 $ 130,100
      1.082 000406        000027   000000   07      2.27   R1    F    RSA E             $ 535,000        $ 578,800   I   Q
                                                                         2,369                       05/15/2026              CHARTIER, GARETT                    $ 372,300
      1.083 000407        000079   000000   07     12.82   R1    F    RSA C             $ 400,264        $ 433,300   I   Q
                                                                         1,489                       05/30/2025              POPE, SYLVIA T                      $ 273,200
      1.091 000406        000047   000003   02      4.02   R2    F    RMF B             $ 640,269        $ 698,700   I   Q
                                                                         4,430                       09/24/2025              BISSONNETTE, PAUL R                 $ 486,400
      1.091 000402        000067   000004   07      2.29   R1    F    RSA D             $ 620,372        $ 677,000   I   Q
                                                                         3,272                       06/25/2025              TERRIO, DENNIS A JR                 $ 473,500
      1.094 000408        000113   000000   02      2.60   R1    F    RSA C             $ 455,246        $ 497,900   I   Q
                                                                         1,648                       07/15/2025              BELANGER, SEBASTIAN                 $ 327,400
      1.096 000406        000056   000000   02      2.10   R1    F    RSA A              $ 492,148       $ 539,400   I   Q
                                                                         2,468                       11/03/2025              LESCRINIER, MICHAEL K               $ 372,500
      1.097 000407        000038   000078   02      0.00   R1    F    MRV A               $ 93,561       $ 102,600   I   Q
                                                                         631                         11/10/2025              WALSH, ANGIE L                       $ 32,900
      1.097 000411        000108   000011   05      2.45   R1    F    RSA D              $ 650,000       $ 713,200   I   Q
                                                                         5,568                       04/10/2026              SANTOSUOSSO, SARA                   $ 640,700
      1.104 000403        000044   000000   02      2.51   R1    F    RSA D              $ 650,212       $ 717,700   I   Q
                                                                         3,434                       08/15/2025              RYGIEL, DANIEL C                    $ 510,400



Printed: 08/11/2026 3:16:09 pm                                        Trended 0.006% prior to 04/01/2026
                                                                                  PAGE 94
    Ratio     Map       Lot        Sub      Zone   Acres   LC   NC   BR      SH      Trended       Assessment      I   Q Unqualified Description
              Sale Note                                                   Eff. Area Sale Price      Sale Date            Grantor                   Prior Year Assessment
      1.111 000411        000185   000000   02      2.00   R1   F    RSA A             $ 430,310       $ 478,000   I   Q
                                                                        2,212                      04/18/2025              MARCOTTE, TRAVIS                    $ 325,800
      1.114 000201   000003   000000     04         0.89   R1   F    RSA D             $ 475,143       $ 529,100   I   Q
            SOLD WITH 201-2 AND 201-111,                                2,398                      11/10/2025              WHITE, VIRGINIA                     $ 312,200
      1.117 000410   000228   000000     02         2.26   R1   F    RSA C             $ 390,211       $ 435,900   I   Q
            FINISHED BASEMENT                                           1,891                      07/21/2025              CRAVEN, JEFFREY N                   $ 308,800
      1.144 000412   000080   000000     02         2.00   R1   F    RSA C             $ 435,131       $ 497,600   I   Q
                                                                        2,248                      11/18/2025              JAKIMOWICZ, MICHAL                  $ 355,700
      1.176 000411        000268   000000   02      2.06   R1   F    RSA D             $ 460,248       $ 541,200   I   Q
                                                                        2,815                      07/15/2025              HAMEL, SARAH L                      $ 371,300
      1.216 000403        000148   000000   02      7.31   R2   F    RSA D             $ 620,372       $ 754,600   I   Q
                                                                        1,975                      06/24/2025              ARAIZA, JUAN                        $ 553,500




Printed: 08/11/2026 3:16:09 pm                                       Trended 0.006% prior to 04/01/2026
                                                                                 PAGE 95
                                                                        Weare Sales Analysis Report

    Ratio     Map       Lot        Sub      Zone   Acres   LC    NC   BR      SH      Trended          Assessment      I   Q Unqualified Description
              Sale Note                                                    Eff. Area Sale Price         Sale Date            Grantor                   Prior Year Assessment
      0.000 000202  000069     00BLDG   07     0.00        R1    F                      $ 535,000                 $0   V   U UNCLASSFYD EXCLUSION
            SOLD WITH 202-69, NOT SEPERATE LOT                                                         04/01/2026            DOHERTY III, CHARLES L                  $ 7,200
      0.000 000407  000038     000051   02     0.00        R1    F                          $ 6,001               $0   V   U GOVMT AGENCY GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       12/02/2025            WEARE, TOWN OF                         $ 11,300
      0.000 000407  000038    000071   02     0.00  R1   F                                        $1              $0   V   U UNCLASSFYD EXCLUSION
            CORRECTIVE QUITCLAIM DEED 9927-507 RECORDED ON 2/4                                         03/24/2026            PELLEGRINE, FAITH A /                  $ 11,300
      0.000 000407  000038    000107   02     0.00  R1   F                                $ 70,029                $0   V   U MPC-CAN SELL SEPRTLY
            SOLD WITH 108, COULD BE SOLD SEPERATE                                                      09/19/2025            GAGNON, PRISCILLA E                    $ 11,300
      0.000 000407  000038    000108   02     0.00  R1   F MRV A                          $ 70,029                $0   V   U MPC-CAN SELL SEPRTLY
            SOLD WITH 107, COULD BE SOLD SEPERATE              435                                     09/19/2025            GAGNON, PRISCILLA E                    $ 24,700
      0.000 000407  000038    000110   02     0.00  R1   F                                $ 10,002                $0   V   U GOVMT AGENCY GRNTR/E
            DEED NOT RECORDED AT TIME OF SALE.                                                         12/23/2025            TOWN OF WEARE                          $ 11,300
      0.000 000407  000038    000110   02     0.00  R1   F                                        $1              $0   V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       02/17/2026            LEVESQUE, EVELYN                       $ 11,300
      0.000 000407        000038   000110   02      0.00   R1    F                                $1              $0   V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       05/07/2026            LEVESQUE, EVELYN                       $ 11,300
      0.016 000401  000014     000000     07      0.71 CUUH  F                          $ 680,163           $ 11,000   I   U MPC-CAN SELL SEPRTLY
            SOLD WITH 401-16 AND 401-2/AND 401-3 ON SEPARATE DEED,                                     12/01/2025            SAGER, WESTON R                         $ 7,800
      0.018 000401  000003     000000     07      6.67 CUUL  F                          $ 680,163           $ 12,100   V   U MPC-CAN SELL SEPRTLY
            SOLD WITH 401-14, AND 401-16 AND 401-2 ON SEPARATE DEE                                     12/01/2025            SAGER, WESTON R                        $ 43,200
      0.027 000201  000111     000000     04      0.02  R1   F                          $ 475,143           $ 12,600   V   U MPC-CAN SELL SEPRTLY
            SOLD WITH 201-3 AND 201-11                                                                 11/10/2025            WHITE, VIRGINIA                         $ 6,500
      0.065 000404  000120     000000     07      1.25  R1   F                          $ 190,114           $ 12,300   V   U MPC-CAN SELL SEPRTLY
                                                                                                       06/03/2025            FOX, ANDREW                             $ 6,200
      0.100 000201  000002    000000      04     1.02      R1    D                      $ 475,143           $ 47,400   V   U MPC-CAN SELL SEPRTLY
            SOLD WITH 201-3 AND 201-11                                                                 11/10/2025            WHITE, VIRGINIA                        $ 41,700
      0.105 000101  000007    000000      02     0.16      R1A   D                      $ 230,069           $ 24,100   V   U MPC-CAN SELL SEPRTLY
            SOLD WITH 101-6, AND 101-7, ALSO CODE 81                                                   11/18/2025            CARMODY, JOHN                          $ 13,400
      0.114 000101  000005    000000      02     0.23      R1A   D                      $ 230,069           $ 26,300   V   U MPC-CAN SELL SEPRTLY
            SOLD WITH 101-6, AND 101-7, ALSO CODE 81                                                   11/18/2025            CARMODY, JOHN                          $ 14,000
      0.118 000407  000005    000000      07     9.50      R1    X                      $ 230,055           $ 27,100   V   U MULTI-TOWN PROPERTY
                                                                                                       12/22/2025            GRADY, GERALD & SYLVIA                  $ 9,000
      0.208 000401  000016     000000     02       4.52  R1   F                         $ 680,163          $ 141,700   I   U MPC-CAN SELL SEPRTLY
            SOLD WITH 401-14, 401-2/ AND 401-3 ON SEPARATE DEED, BU                                    12/01/2025            SAGER, WESTON R                        $ 76,600
      0.418 000403  000177     000002     07      12.04 CUUH  F                         $ 320,192          $ 134,000   V   U MPC-CAN SELL SEPRTLY
            SOLD WITH 403-177-1                                                                        06/23/2025            BARSS, JACOB R                         $ 66,800
      0.434 000403  000177     000001     07      10.16 CUUW  F                         $ 320,192          $ 139,000   V   U MPC-CAN SELL SEPRTLY
            SOLD WITH 403-177-2                                                                        06/23/2025            CORRADO, THOMAS L                      $ 69,200
      0.449 000412  000155     000001     01      16.65  R1   F RSA A                   $ 342,246          $ 153,700   V   U MPC-CAN SELL SEPRTLY
            SOLD WITH 412/155                                       3,614                              04/14/2025            RICHARDSON, JONATHAN &                      $0

Printed: 08/11/2026 3:20:26 pm                                        Trended 0.006% prior to 04/01/2026
                                                                                  PAGE 96
    Ratio     Map       Lot        Sub      Zone   Acres   LC   NC   BR      SH      Trended       Assessment   I    Q Unqualified Description
              Sale Note                                                   Eff. Area Sale Price      Sale Date          Grantor                   Prior Year Assessment
      0.542 000411        000019   000000   01     23.39   R1   E                      $ 315,989       $ 171,300 V   U RSA 79-A CURRENT USE
                                                                                                   06/30/2025          DOWST, W PERRY 2007 R                  $ 90,900
      0.606 000412   000155    000000     07    21.37   R1    F                        $ 342,246       $ 207,400 V   U MPC-CAN SELL SEPRTLY
            SOLD WITH 412--1                                                                       04/14/2025          RICHARDSON, JONATHAN &                $ 110,800
      0.660 000402   000007    000002     06      5.19  CI    E CGS A                  $ 700,084       $ 462,200 I   U ABUTTER SALE
            COULD NOT FIND EVIDENCE OF MARKETING, ABUTTER PUR 1,603                                02/20/2026          WOODRIDGE PROPERTIES,                 $ 276,500
      0.856 000403   000220    000105     02      0.00  R1    E MHS A                  $ 160,029       $ 137,000 I   U ESTATE SALE/FDCY COV
                                                                   972                             01/21/2026          EATON, JUNE T LIVING T                 $ 59,300
      0.882 000410   000035    000000     02      2.35  R1    F RSA C                  $ 539,388       $ 475,500 I   U INSUFCNT MKT EXPOSUR
            HSE COMPL'Y RENO'D/FLIP WITH NO EVIDENCE OF MARKETI 1,576                              04/07/2025          FALCON HEIGHTS PROPERT                $ 316,300
      0.912 000401   000002    000000     07      8.00  R1    F RSA E                  $ 680,163       $ 620,600 I   U MPC-CAN SELL SEPRTLY
            SOLD WITH 401-14, AND 401-16 AND 401-3 ON SEPARATE DEE 3,047                           12/01/2025          SAGER, WESTON R                       $ 414,800
      0.920 000410   000085    000001     07    29.72   R1    F RSA D                  $ 810,389       $ 745,400 I   U ESTATE SALE/FDCY COV
            FIDUCIARTY DEED; ALL INFO FROM HO (MRS) DNVI; CORR'D 2,721                             08/18/2025          7-23 MIDDLESEX ROAD, L                $ 462,200
      0.930 000409   000193    000001     07      5.02  R2    F RMF D                  $ 682,828       $ 635,300 I   U IMPRVMNT U/C AT ASMT
                                                                   3,373                           08/18/2025          FITZGERALD, GARY B REV                $ 396,900
      0.992 000404   000176    000000     02      2.43  R1    F RSA A                  $ 390,211       $ 387,200 I   U IMPROVED POST ASMT
            ADDED OPD, DEACK AND FLOORING AFTER 7/25 SALE          1,478                           07/02/2025          BROOKER, RANDY K                      $ 234,800
      0.999 000410   000085    000000     07    29.27   R1    F RSA E                  $ 499,329       $ 498,800 I   U ESTATE SALE/FDCY COV
            INTERIOR DATA CORRECTED UPON INSPECTION                2,621                           05/09/2025          CAGGIANO, JOSEPH, EXEC                $ 292,900
      1.049 000401   000102    000000     02      2.80  R1    F RSA A                  $ 400,120       $ 419,700 I   U INSUFCNT MKT EXPOSUR
            APPEARS TO BE PRIV SALES TRANSACTION, NO EVIDENCE O 1,107                              11/04/2025          SCHOFIELD, JACOB EVAN                 $ 265,300
      1.124 000403   000159    000000     02      5.15  R1    E RSA A                  $ 363,261       $ 408,200 I   U ESTATE SALE/FDCY COV
                                                                   1,382                           04/24/2025          POSNER, KATRINA EXECUT                $ 266,700
      1.134 000101   000006    000000     02      0.16 R1A   D RSA A                   $ 230,069       $ 261,000 I   U MPC-CAN SELL SEPRTLY
            SOLD WITH 101-6, AND 101-7, ALSO CODE 81               793                             11/18/2025          CARMODY, JOHN                         $ 163,600
      1.166 000403   000212    000000     07    10.00   R1    E RSA A                  $ 400,000       $ 466,200 I   U INSUFCNT MKT EXPOSUR
            APPRS PRIV NO EVIDENCE OF MARKETING FOUND ANYWHER 2,076                                04/30/2026          DRAGON, ADAM R                        $ 314,100
      1.178 000404   000124    000000     02      3.70  R1   D RSA D                   $ 236,000       $ 278,000 I   U UNCLASSFYD EXCLUSION
            PROPERTY IN NEED OF EXTENSIVE REPAIR                   3,747                           04/16/2026          DIBENEDETTO, LISA T                   $ 215,900
      1.232 000403   000181    000001     07      0.46  R1    F RSA A                  $ 319,172       $ 393,100 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                   1,154                           07/14/2025          PARK, BRIAN G & SUSAN                 $ 242,900
      1.232 000202   000069    000000     07      7.50  R2    F RSA B                  $ 535,000       $ 659,200 I   U UNCLASSFYD EXCLUSION
            SOLD WITH 202-69 BLDG                                  1,994                           04/01/2026          DOHERTY III, CHARLES L                $ 307,900
      1.260 000104   000049    000000     02      0.66 R1A   D RSA D                   $ 205,098       $ 258,400 I   U SHORT SALE RQ 3RDPTY
            HOME WILL NEED STRUCTURAL IMPROVEMENTS TO BE HA 1,811                                  08/07/2025          SMITH, NATHAN J                       $ 191,400
      1.260 000104   000018    000000     02      0.43 R1W   D RSA A                   $ 370,089       $ 466,400 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                   778                             12/31/2025          HUNTER, WILLIAM T REVO                $ 422,200
      1.290 000412   000193    000010     07      0.00  R1    E MHS A                  $ 100,042       $ 129,100 I   U INSUFCNT MKT EXPOSUR
            NO EVIDENCE OF MARKETING FOUND APPEARS BELOW MAR 959                                   09/12/2025          FILTEAU, KELLY                         $ 39,200



Printed: 08/11/2026 3:20:26 pm                                       Trended 0.006% prior to 04/01/2026
                                                                                 PAGE 97
    Ratio     Map       Lot        Sub      Zone   Acres   LC   NC   BR      SH      Trended        Assessment      I   Q Unqualified Description
              Sale Note                                                   Eff. Area Sale Price       Sale Date            Grantor                   Prior Year Assessment
      1.306 000402        000021   000000   02      2.20   R1   F
                                                                RSA D                  $ 415,149        $ 542,100   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                   2,722                            10/20/2025            MYRDEK FAMILY TRUST                   $ 375,400
      1.331   000404   000117   000004   07     5.00  R1     F RSA A                   $ 380,205        $ 505,900   I   U INSUFCNT MKT EXPOSUR
                                                                   1,718                            07/21/2025            BOND, RICHARD A JR                    $ 295,000
      1.401   000411   000138   000000   02     2.88  R1     F RSA A                   $ 300,072        $ 420,400   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                   1,647                            12/12/2025            TRON BROS REVOC TRUST                 $ 229,300
      1.545   000407   000038   000038   02     0.00  R1     F MRV A                     $ 35,023        $ 54,100   I   U UNCLASSFYD EXCLUSION
              APPEARS TO HAVE TRANSFERRED CONDO SITE ONLY          220                              05/01/2025            FOSTER, DARREL L                       $ 21,800
      1.580   000407   000068   000000   04    14.74  R1     F RSA E                   $ 280,134        $ 442,500   I   U FORECLOSURE
                                                                   2,527                            08/15/2025            FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTG                $ 299,900
      1.580   000406   000001   000000   01    91.00  R1     F RSA B                   $ 450,243        $ 711,600   I   U RSA 79-A CURRENT USE
              ALSO CODE 33                                         1,969                            07/09/2025            KNOX, BRIAN                           $ 465,500
      1.590   000201   000072   000000   07     2.82  R1    E RSA D                    $ 410,000        $ 651,700   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
              FAMILY,RELATIVE SALE                                 2,995                            04/30/2026            GRENIER, BRUNO G                      $ 453,800
      1.635   000101   000100   000000   02     1.46  R1     F RSA B                   $ 245,103        $ 400,700   I   U IMPRVMNT U/C AT ASMT
              HOME IS DATED AND SOLD AS IS NEEDING REHAB           1,888                            09/04/2025            BOCKUS FAMILY REVOC TR                $ 228,600
      1.636   000407   000038   000088   02     0.00  R1     F MRV A                     $ 35,021        $ 57,300   I   U INSUFCNT MKT EXPOSUR
              COULD FIND NO EVIDENCE OF MARKETING APPEARS PRIV S 781                                06/24/2025            DENEAULT, STEPHEN R                    $ 33,900
      1.637   000412   000193   000001   07     0.00  R1    E MHS A                      $ 95,034       $ 155,600   I   U INSUFCNT MKT EXPOSUR
              NO MARKET EXPOSURE FOUND                             1,394                            10/21/2025            COOK, GERMAINE C                       $ 35,700
      1.662   000409   000044   000000   02     9.88  R1     F RSA D                   $ 350,168        $ 581,900   I   U IMPROVED POST SALE
                                                                   2,503                            08/21/2025            HARGREAVES, JEFFREY A                 $ 361,700
      1.662   000411   000245   000000   02     2.00  R1     F RSA A                   $ 321,954        $ 535,100   I   U INSUFCNT MKT EXPOSUR
              ANOTHER HOLDING MTG FROM NH BUYERS LLC IN THE AMO 3,004                               08/01/2025            LEWIS, JASON T                        $ 357,900
      1.698   000409   000173   000000   02     8.82  R1     F RSA C                   $ 250,045        $ 424,500   I   U INSUFCNT MKT EXPOSUR
              SALE ENTERED IN MLS WITH NO DATA, APPEEARS TO BE A C 1,834                            01/30/2026            HART, STEVEN W                        $ 282,200
      1.718   000404   000070   000000   07     1.27  R1     F RSA D                   $ 190,114        $ 326,700   I   U MPC-CAN SELL SEPRTLY
              SOLD WITH 404/120                                    2,671                            06/03/2025            FOX, ANDREW                           $ 174,400
      1.976   000405   000020   000000   07     0.68  R1     F RSA C                     $ 70,046       $ 138,400   V   U IMPROVED POST ASMT
                                                                   2,846                            05/29/2025            WOODRIDGE PROPERTIES,                  $ 46,400
      2.086   000405   000058   000000   06     3.39  R1    E RSA B                    $ 230,110        $ 479,900   I   U ESTATE SALE/FDCY COV
              FIDUCIARY DEED                                       1,861                            08/27/2025            BROWN, ROBERT EXECUTOR                $ 350,100
      2.295   000408   000129   000000   02    19.53  R1    E                            $ 77,528       $ 177,900   V   U GOVMT AGENCY GRNTR/E
              DEED WITHOUT COVENANTS                                                                10/24/2025            WEARE, TOWN OF                         $ 73,500
      2.810   000411   000319   000001   07     5.78  R1     F RSA A                     $ 57,838       $ 162,500   V   U BUSIN AFFIL GRNTR/E
                                                                   4,086                            05/13/2025            EPH ESTATES LLC                        $ 60,500
      2.852   000410   000140   000000   07     2.28  R1     F RSA C                   $ 165,020        $ 470,600   I   U FORECLOSURE
              AUCTION SALE TO THOMAS TRABER ASSIGNED BID TO ROS 1,569                               02/06/2026            FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTG                $ 311,600
      3.404   000403   000113   000000   02     1.60  R1     F                           $ 35,013       $ 119,200   V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
              NOT ON MARKET, SALE TO RELATIVE                                                       10/17/2025            LEMAY, EZEKIEL                         $ 44,800



Printed: 08/11/2026 3:20:26 pm                                       Trended 0.006% prior to 04/01/2026
                                                                                 PAGE 98
    Ratio     Map       Lot      Sub   Zone   Acres   LC   NC   BR      SH      Trended          Assessment      I   Q Unqualified Description
              Sale Note                                              Eff. Area Sale Price         Sale Date            Grantor                   Prior Year Assessment
     3.698 000407   000038  000103    02    0.00  R1   F                              $ 8,735         $ 32,300   I   U INSUFCNT MKT EXPOSUR
           NO EVIDENCE OF MARKETING FOUND ANYWHERE                                               01/16/2026            SANGSTER, DARRYL B                     $ 12,600
     3.878 000410   000085  000002    07   10.01  R1   F RSA D                    $ 130,039          $ 504,300   I   U GOVMT AGENCY GRNTR/E
           DEED WITHOUT COVENANTS                            2,125                               11/03/2025            WEARE, TOWN OF                        $ 305,100
     3.894 000407   000061  000000    02    5.00  R1   F RSA A                    $ 150,054          $ 584,300   I   U GOVMT AGENCY GRNTR/E
           DEED WITHOUT COVENANTS                            2,072                               10/24/2025            WEARE, TOWN OF                        $ 286,000
     3.927 000110   000108  000000    02    0.48  R1   F                            $ 25,009          $ 98,200   V   U GOVMT AGENCY GRNTR/E
           DEED WITHOUT COVENANTS                                                                10/29/2025            WEARE, TOWN OF                         $ 47,100
     7.315 000410   000203  000000    02    4.96  R1   E RSA A                      $ 50,933         $ 372,600   I   U INSUFCNT MKT EXPOSUR
           QUITCLAIM DEED                                    1,011                               05/12/2026            SULLIVAN, PAUL L JR                   $ 209,700
     7.852 000412   000105  000000    02    1.27  R1   F RSA A                      $ 33,533         $ 263,300   I   U ESTATE SALE/FDCY COV
           ESTATE SALE, PROPERTY BAD SHAPE                   1,680                               04/13/2026            CURTIS, SYLVIA A ESTAT                $ 164,700
     8.181 000411   000042  000002    02   10.78  R1   E RSA B                      $ 52,536         $ 429,800   I   U GOVMT AGENCY GRNTR/E
           AUCTION PROPERTY.                                 1,118                               03/17/2026            WEARE, TOWN OF                        $ 254,100
     8.437 000412   000193  000023    07    0.00  R1   E MHS A                        $ 5,002         $ 42,200   I   U BUSIN AFFIL GRNTR/E
           MANUFACTURED HOUSING PARK OWNERS DEED RSA 205-    1,062                               10/16/2025            SECCARECCIO, MICHELLE                  $ 24,800
     9.793 000110   000111  000001    02    0.06  R1   F                              $ 5,535         $ 54,200   V   U GOVMT AGENCY GRNTR/E
           DEED WITHOUT COVENANTS                                                                11/03/2025            WEARE, TOWN OF                         $ 29,900
    11.275 000407   000038  000045    02    0.00  R1   F MRV A                        $ 6,670         $ 75,200   I   U INSUFCNT MKT EXPOSUR
                                                             619                                 07/09/2025            GIARDINA, DAVID                        $ 33,000
    11.421 000109   000093  000000    02    0.10 R1A   D                              $ 4,001         $ 45,700   V   U GOVMT AGENCY GRNTR/E
           DEED WITHOUT COVENANTS                                                                10/29/2025            WEARE, TOWN OF                          $ 8,500
    12.898 000412   000193  000007    07    0.00  R1   E MHS A                        $ 9,536        $ 123,000   I   U GOVMT AGENCY GRNTR/E
           DEED WITHOUT COVENANTS                            773                                 10/24/2025            WEARE, TOWN OF                         $ 25,200
    16.740 000412   000193  000005    07    0.00  R1   E MHS A                        $ 5,000         $ 83,700   I   U BUSIN AFFIL GRNTR/E
           MANUFACTURED HOUSING PARK OWNERS DEED RSA 205-    640                                 05/01/2026            CASS JR., DAVID F                      $ 19,500
    22.692 000110   000079  000000    02    0.13  R1   D                              $ 2,001         $ 45,400   V   U GOVMT AGENCY GRNTR/E
           DEED WITHOUT COVENANTS                                                                10/24/2025            WEARE, TOWN OF                         $ 10,800
   158.714 000412   000193  000013    07    0.00  R1   E MHS A                        $ 1,001        $ 158,800   I   U UNCLASSFYD EXCLUSION
           RSA 205-A:4-A MANUFACTURED HOUSING PARK OWNER'S D 916                                 07/30/2025            WELTY, WILLARD                         $ 21,400
   999.460 000411   000186  000066    07    0.00  R1   E                                    $1         $ 1,000   I   U NO STAMP PER DEED
                                                                                                 07/22/2025            MILLS, DORIS                           $ 23,200
 9,094.543 000407  000105  000000     07      7.00 R1    C                                  $1         $ 9,100   V   U MPC-CAN SELL SEPRTLY
           TRANSFERRED WITH 407-83 AS PART OF DONATION TO PLC                                    06/02/2025            POPE, SYLVIA T                          $ 5,600
12,294.099 000404  000120  000000     07      1.25 R1    F                                  $1        $ 12,300   V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                 08/21/2025            WILLIAMS, BROOKE J                      $ 6,200
12,295.574 000404  000120  000000    07      1.25     R1   F                                $1        $ 12,300   I   U UNCLASSFYD EXCLUSION
           QUITCLAIM DEED                                                                        10/09/2025            WILLIAMS, BROOKE J                      $ 6,200
37,790.930 000407  000038  000057    02      0.00     R1   F    MRV A                       $1        $ 37,800   I   U ESTATE SALE/FDCY COV
           SANDRA ACQUIRED TITLE AS HEIR AT LAW.                  408                            12/10/2025            OSTMAN, SANDRA                         $ 17,400



Printed: 08/11/2026 3:20:26 pm                                  Trended 0.006% prior to 04/01/2026
                                                                            PAGE 99
    Ratio     Map       Lot        Sub      Zone   Acres   LC    NC   BR      SH      Trended          Assessment      I   Q Unqualified Description
              Sale Note                                                    Eff. Area Sale Price         Sale Date            Grantor                   Prior Year Assessment
45,478.170 000407  000038  000104           02      0.00   R1    F    MRV A                       $1        $ 45,500   I   U ESTATE SALE/FDCY COV
           FIDUCIARYT DEED                                              468                            08/21/2025            MCMAHON, CHRISTINE ADM                 $ 21,000
49,391.110 000407  000038  000015           02      0.00   R1    F    MRV A                       $1        $ 49,400   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        396                            01/30/2026            GILES, BRUCE                           $ 22,800
50,269.838 000411         000186   000158   07      0.00   R1    E    MRV A                       $1        $ 50,300   I   U UNCLASSFYD EXCLUSION
                                                                        497                            06/03/2025            BEAUDET, DEBORA                        $ 19,800
51,000.000 000407         000038   000065   02      0.00   R1    F    MRV A                       $1        $ 51,000   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        340                            04/09/2026            ROBBINS, JULIE                         $ 23,700
61,263.242 000407  000038          000056   02      0.00   R1    F    MRV A                       $1        $ 61,300   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
           PU CAMPER                                                    127                            06/23/2025            FOSTER, DARREL                         $ 23,600
72,391.313 000411  000315          000000   01      7.70   R1    C                                $1        $ 72,400   V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       02/25/2026            WEST SIDE REALTY TRUST                 $ 24,800
73,291.205 000101         000017   000000   02      0.20   R1W   D                                $1        $ 73,300   V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       02/18/2026            GORDON, TRISTON K                      $ 68,400
74,164.401 000101         000079   000000   02      0.12   R1W   D                                $1        $ 74,200   V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       08/28/2025            MACKINLEY, LAUGHLIN                   $ 117,300
83,300.000 000101         000097   000000   02      1.10   R1    E                                $1        $ 83,300   V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       04/10/2026            HOTCHKISS, DANIEL R.                   $ 39,800
84,379.749 000407         000038   000119   02      0.00   R1    F    MRV A                       $1        $ 84,400   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        541                            12/05/2025            METHOT, DENIS                          $ 36,900
88,594.684 000401         000021   000000   02      0.55   R1    E                                $1        $ 88,600   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       03/20/2026            CAFARELLI, MARK A                      $ 42,000
91,955.861 000409         000001   000000   01     22.78 CUUH    C                                $1        $ 92,000   V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       08/15/2025            COTE, STEPHEN 1/6                      $ 35,300
92,200.000 000101         000095   000000   02      0.45   R1    F                                $1        $ 92,200   V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       04/10/2026            HOTCHKISS, APRIL                       $ 44,300
97,835.429 000411         000186   000133   07      0.00   R1    E    MRV A                       $1        $ 97,900   I   U NO STAMP PER DEED
                                                                        649                            05/30/2025            DALY, JULIE                            $ 35,300
98,540.875 000203         000041   000000   05      2.30 CUUH    E                                $1        $ 98,600   V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       06/23/2025            SAWYER, NANCY                          $ 55,300
 98,540.875 000203  000041   000000   05      2.30 CUUH          E                                $1        $ 98,600   V   U UNCLASSFYD EXCLUSION
            CORRECTIVE QUITCLAIM OF 9864/2948                                                          06/23/2025            SAWYER, NANCY                          $ 55,300
101,163.581 000401  000106   000000   02      8.00 EX-M          F                                $1       $ 101,200   V   U GOVMT AGENCY GRNTR/E
            TAX COLLECTOR'S DEED                                                                       10/10/2025            CLEMENT, AMY LYNN                      $ 58,500
101,600.000 000101  000096   000000   02      1.00  R1           F                                $1       $ 101,600   V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       04/10/2026            HOTCHKISS, APRIL                       $ 48,700
108,934.639 000202    000010  000002  07            1.30 CUUH    F                                $1       $ 109,000   V   U EASEMENT/BOATSLIPS
            EASEMENT DEED TO PUBLIC SERVICE                                                            06/24/2025            SICILIANO, ARTHUR F.,                  $ 58,700
112,879.682 000403    000057  000000  02            2.00   R1    F                                $1       $ 112,900   V   U ESTATE SALE/FDCY COV
            316-2024-ET-01550                                                                          01/14/2026            FRISCH-COOPER, RHONDA                  $ 63,400



Printed: 08/11/2026 3:20:26 pm                                        Trended 0.006% prior to 04/01/2026
                                                                                 PAGE 100
    Ratio     Map       Lot        Sub      Zone   Acres   LC    NC   BR      SH      Trended          Assessment      I   Q Unqualified Description
              Sale Note                                                    Eff. Area Sale Price         Sale Date            Grantor                   Prior Year Assessment
115,572.263 000411        000309   000000   07      7.30   R1    D                                $1       $ 115,600   I   U DIVORCE PRTY GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       12/02/2025            DOWST, JONATHAN H                      $ 65,100
115,586.130 000411        000309   000000   07      7.30   R1    D                                $1       $ 115,600   I   U BUSIN AFFIL GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       02/25/2026            DOWST, JONATHAN H                      $ 65,100
118,878.602 000403    000058       000000   02      2.04   R1    F                                $1       $ 118,900   V   U ESTATE SALE/FDCY COV
            316-2024-ET-01550                                                                          01/14/2026            COOPER, THOMAS                         $ 66,800
120,471.087 000404    000097       000000   07      6.55 CUUW    F                                $1       $ 120,500   V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       12/02/2025            FARR, BRUCE A                          $ 60,100
129,030.324 000106        000007   000000   02      0.77   R1A   C                                $1       $ 129,100   V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       07/02/2025            HATFIELD TRUST, ROBERT                 $ 46,800
129,030.324 000106        000007   000000   02      0.77   R1A   C                                $1       $ 129,100   V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       07/02/2025            HATFIELD, MARGARET L                   $ 46,800
129,130.270 000106        000014   000000   02      0.83   R1A   C                                $1       $ 129,200   V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       07/02/2025            HATFIELD , MARGARET L                  $ 47,000
132,284.126 000411        000316   000001   01     10.02 CUUH    D                                $1       $ 132,300   V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       02/25/2026            WEST SIDE REALTY TRUST                $ 101,900
132,676.118 000409        000024   000000   01      5.15   R1    F                                $1       $ 132,700   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       01/28/2026            CROTEAU, MICHELE M                     $ 78,700
134,783.826 000411        000317   000001   01     10.05 CUUH    D                                $1       $ 134,800   V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       02/25/2026            WEST SIDE REALTY TRUST                 $ 98,200
136,958.912 000403        000220   000105   02      0.00   R1    E    MHS A                       $1       $ 137,000   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        972                            11/12/2025            EATON, RAYMOND                         $ 59,300
138,000.640 000403        000073   000000   02      2.82   R1    F                                $1       $ 138,100   V   U NO STAMP PER DEED
                                                                                                       04/08/2025            MACALLISTER, MARYELLEN                 $ 87,100
140,549.402 000412  000193  000021    07     0.00  R1            E    MHS A                       $1       $ 140,600   I   U ESTATE SALE/FDCY COV
            FIDUCIARY DEED                                               1,090                         10/23/2025            NOCELLA JR, ROBERT                     $ 41,900
145,565.064 000105  000037  000000    02     0.69  R1            D    RSA C                       $1       $ 145,600   V   U EASEMENT/BOATSLIPS
            EASEMENT DEED TO PUBLIC SERVICE                              1,959                         12/16/2025            GILBERT, LANDON                       $ 294,500
146,882.374 000411  000316  000002    01    10.22 CUUH           D                                $1       $ 146,900   V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       02/25/2026            WEST SIDE REALTY TRUST                 $ 91,300
153,589.416 000412   000155  000001   01    16.65  R1  F RSA A                                    $1       $ 153,700   V   U EASEMENT/BOATSLIPS
            DECLARATION OF EASEMENT & SHARED DRVWY AGREEMEN 3,614                                      04/15/2025            RICHARDSON, RYAN & STE                      $0
158,780.946 000412   000193  000013   07     0.00  R1  E MHS A                                    $1       $ 158,800   I   U FINANCIAL CO GRNTR/E
            FIRST SLE OF MANUFACTURED HOME BY DEALER        916                                        02/13/2026            RIDGEBACK SELF STORAGE                 $ 21,400
163,421.558 000403   000129  000000   02    15.48  R1  F                                          $1       $ 163,500   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
            QUITCLAIM DEED                                                                             08/26/2025            KROL, BRIANA                           $ 80,500
171,727.874 000409   000191  000007   07    10.06 CUUW G                                          $1       $ 171,800   V   U EASEMENT/BOATSLIPS
            COMMON DRIVEWAY EASEMENT                                                                   09/24/2025            KELLY, BRIAN J                         $ 20,900
175,126.447 000409   000191  000008   07    10.07 CUUW G                                          $1       $ 175,200   V   U EASEMENT/BOATSLIPS
                                                                                                       09/24/2025            KELLY, BRIAN J                         $ 21,800



Printed: 08/11/2026 3:20:26 pm                                        Trended 0.006% prior to 04/01/2026
                                                                                 PAGE 101
    Ratio     Map       Lot        Sub      Zone   Acres   LC   NC   BR      SH      Trended          Assessment      I   Q Unqualified Description
              Sale Note                                                   Eff. Area Sale Price         Sale Date            Grantor                   Prior Year Assessment
190,519.982 000409        000191   000000   07     18.52   R1   F
                                                            RSA D                                $1       $ 190,600   V   U EASEMENT/BOATSLIPS
                                                               3,713                                  09/24/2025            KELLY, BRIAN J                         $ 61,000
190,662.723 000412  000115  000000   02    23.00  R1    D RSA D                                  $1       $ 190,800   V   U UNCLASSFYD EXCLUSION
            CORRECTIVE QUITCLAIM DEED PROPERTY WAS SUPPOSE TO 2,442                                   04/23/2025            NELSON SR, DAVID C                     $ 80,600
190,685.589 000412  000115  000000   02    23.00  R1    D RSA D                                  $1       $ 190,800   V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                               2,442                                  06/03/2025            NELSON JR, DAVID C                     $ 80,600
207,000.000 000406  000040  000000   01    19.97 CUFL   F                                        $1       $ 207,000   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                      04/24/2026            FILSON, NICOLE                        $ 101,800
207,250.779 000412 000155   000000   07    21.37 R1    F                                         $1       $ 207,400   V   U EASEMENT/BOATSLIPS
            DECLARATION OF EASEMENT & SHARED DRVWY AGREEMEN                                           04/10/2025            RICHARDSON, RYAN & STE                $ 110,800
207,325.363 000412 000155   000000   07    21.37 R1    F                                         $1       $ 207,400   V   U EASEMENT/BOATSLIPS
            EASEMENT TO EVERSOURCE                                                                    10/27/2025            THERRIEN JR. RONALD R                 $ 110,800
212,161.811 000412 000240   000000   02    14.63 R1   E                                          $1       $ 212,200   V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                      01/15/2026            SHEPARD, PAMELA                       $ 122,500
215,096.754 000411 000247   000000    02     26.50  R1    F RSA C                                $1       $ 215,200   V   U EASEMENT/BOATSLIPS
            EASEMENT TO PUBLIC SERVICE CO, PU BARN; BARN ATT TO 2,566                                 08/14/2025            CANTIN, STEVEN                        $ 438,400
215,583.585 000407 000018   000000    01    149.31  R1    C                                      $1       $ 215,700   V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                      07/29/2025            HUNTINGTON, LINWOOD/FL                 $ 78,600
227,263.642 000403        000234   000000   02      1.80   R1   E RSA C                          $1       $ 227,400   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                     2,559                            06/20/2025            GEORGE, CHARLIE E                     $ 160,600
227,363.582   000407   000071    000000     04    30.40  R1    F RSA E                           $1       $ 227,500   V   U RSA 79-B CONSRV ESMT
              22.19 ACRES INTO CE DEED, 8.21 ACRES EXCLUDED FROM EAS 4,278                            06/02/2025            POPE, SYLVIA                          $ 551,200
233,188.070   000412   000174    000000     05      3.40 CI    E IRD     B                       $1       $ 233,300   V   U EASEMENT/BOATSLIPS
              EASEMENT TO PUBLIC SERVICE CO                          4,395                            08/14/2025            IMPERIUM ARMA, LLC                    $ 499,700
244,312.048   000403   000220    000121     02      0.00 R1    E MHD A                           $1       $ 244,400   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                     1,391                            10/16/2025            HEBERT, NICOLA ROSE                   $ 137,800
245,796.765   000412   000088    000000     07    48.33  R1    F                                 $1       $ 245,900   V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                      09/30/2025            TATE, RICHARD                         $ 122,800
249,250.450 000203        000039   000000   05     35.50 CUUW   E                                $1       $ 249,400   V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                      06/23/2025            SAWYER, G.C.REVOCABLE                 $ 147,200
249,250.450 000203   000039  000000    05     35.50 CUUW E                                       $1       $ 249,400   V   U UNCLASSFYD EXCLUSION
            CORRECTIVE QUITCLAIM OF 9864/2948                                                         06/23/2025            SAWYER, G.C.REVOCABLE                 $ 147,200
263,284.203 000412   000105  000000    02      1.27  R1    F RSA A                               $1       $ 263,300   I   U GOVMT AGENCY GRNTR/E
            REPURCHASE PROVISIONS OF RSA 80:89 IV               1,680                                 03/09/2026            WEARE, TOWN OF                        $ 164,700
273,401.575 000403   000221  000002    07      5.00 EX-M   F EMD A                               $1       $ 273,500   I   U GOVMT AGENCY GRNTR/E
            TAX COLLECTOR'S DEED                                970                                   10/10/2025            CRONYN, KENNETH W III                 $ 158,900
286,528.083 000407   000037  000000    07     90.82  R1    C RSA B                               $1       $ 286,700   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                340
            4/25 FOREST MGMT EXPIRED 2024 AND REVERTED TO UNMANAG                                     06/20/2025            CLARK, RAYMOND/MAGALI                 $ 114,600
287,465.504 000104   000001  000000    02      0.19 R1W    D RSA A                               $1       $ 287,500   V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                986                                   02/18/2026            GORDON, TRISTON K                     $ 370,300



Printed: 08/11/2026 3:20:26 pm                                       Trended 0.006% prior to 04/01/2026
                                                                                PAGE 102
    Ratio     Map       Lot        Sub      Zone   Acres   LC    NC   BR      SH      Trended          Assessment   I    Q Unqualified Description
              Sale Note                                                    Eff. Area Sale Price         Sale Date          Grantor                   Prior Year Assessment
292,459.619 000101  000050  000000    02     0.58          R1W   D                                $1       $ 292,600 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
            QUITCLAIM HUSBAND & WIFE JNT TEN                                                           08/27/2025          PINARD, ADRIEN D                      $ 202,100
296,600.000 000108  000025  000000    02     0.50          R1W   E    RSA A                       $1       $ 296,600 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         458                           04/29/2026          DEMEO, ELLEN                          $ 220,400
306,526.434 000406        000050   000002   02     48.35 CUFL    F                                $1       $ 306,600 I   U DIVORCE PRTY GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       12/09/2025          BENNETT, CRAIG L                      $ 178,100
314,011.593 000408        000070   000000   02      0.85   R1    E    RSA C                       $1       $ 314,200 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         1,597                         06/05/2025          HUNTER, CLAIRE A REVO                 $ 201,500
314,011.593 000408        000070   000000   02      0.85   R1    E    RSA C                       $1       $ 314,200 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         1,597                         06/05/2025          SNOW, TERI A                          $ 201,500
321,307.216 000407  000083  000000     07     49.56 CUUW   F                                      $1       $ 321,500 V   U MPC-CAN SELL SEPRTLY
            TRANSFERRED WITH 407-105 AS PART OF A DONATION                                             06/02/2025          POPE, SYLVIA T                        $ 169,500
326,523.677 000404  000070  000000     07      1.27  R1    F RSA D                                $1       $ 326,700 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
            QUITCLAIM DEED ADDED JOHN FOLGER TO DEEDED 4/25 HO 2,671                                   07/21/2025          WILLIAMS, BROOKE J                    $ 174,400
326,582.430 000404  000070  000000     07      1.27  R1    F RSA D                                $1       $ 326,700 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
            QUITCLAIM DEED-NAME FROM REMOVED FROM DEED 4/25 H 2,671                                    10/09/2025          WILLIAMS, BROOKE J                    $ 174,400
329,100.000 000406  000015  000000     07     37.47  R1    F                                      $1       $ 329,100 V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       04/24/2026          FILSON, NICOLE                        $ 235,000
335,019.090 000102   000018  000000   02      0.46 R1W   C RSA A                                  $1       $ 335,200 V   U EASEMENT/BOATSLIPS
            PUBLIC SERVICE CO EASEMENT                         744                                     07/23/2025          PELLERIN, SCOTT R 2020                $ 401,300
350,931.553 000407   000145  000000   02      0.38  R1   E RSA B                                  $1       $ 351,100 I   U UNCLASSFYD EXCLUSION
            QUITCLAIM DEED NAME CLARIFICATION                  1,414                                   08/29/2025          HART, CHRISTOPHER M                   $ 203,500
355,157.381 000412   000027  000005   02      1.23  R1   F RSA A                                  $1       $ 355,200 I   U NO STAMP PER DEED
            QUIT CLAIM DEED TO CORRECT VESTING ON PREVIOUS DEE 1,323                                   02/05/2026          BAROODY, BROCK                        $ 236,400
359,041.490 000201   000023  000000   04      0.27  R1   E RSA C                                  $1       $ 359,300 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                               1,771                                   04/01/2025          REDMOND, PHILIP T                     $ 233,100
359,041.490 000201   000023  000000   04      0.27  R1   E RSA C                                  $1       $ 359,300 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                               1,771                                   04/14/2025          REDMOND, PHILLIP & SAM                $ 233,100
361,834.870 000410   000106  000001   07      7.38  R1   F MHS A                                  $1       $ 361,900 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                               1,423                                   01/29/2026          MANTON, CORTLAND JAMES                $ 178,100
367,635.303 000412   000035  000000   07     11.66 R1W   F MHD A                                  $1       $ 367,900 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
            TOD DEED 4/22/25                                   1,843                                   04/29/2025          MISSO, ANTHONY R., JR.                $ 237,800
373,732.728 000401   000004  000046   07      0.00  R1   F RCD E                                  $1       $ 373,800 I   U UNCLASSFYD EXCLUSION
            CORRECTIVE DEED- ADD FULL PROPERTY DESCRIPTION     1,445                                   01/21/2026          WILUSZ, ALICIA MARIE                  $ 247,400
380,500.000 000401   000004  000043   07      0.00  R1   F RCD E                                  $1       $ 380,500 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                               1,538                                   04/10/2026          HOTCHKISS, DANIEL R &                 $ 254,800
380,808.606 000411   000041  000000   02      0.80  R1   E RSA A                                  $1       $ 380,900 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                               1,195                                   12/05/2025          TODD, JOHN C&ELIZABETH                $ 223,600
381,677.099 000411   000136  000000   02      1.50  R1   F RSA B                                  $1       $ 381,700 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                               1,506                                   03/11/2026          ROBINSON, ROBBY J                     $ 232,400



Printed: 08/11/2026 3:20:26 pm                                        Trended 0.006% prior to 04/01/2026
                                                                                 PAGE 103
    Ratio     Map       Lot        Sub      Zone   Acres   LC   NC   BR      SH      Trended          Assessment      I   Q Unqualified Description
              Sale Note                                                   Eff. Area Sale Price         Sale Date            Grantor                   Prior Year Assessment
381,900.000 000404        000107   000000   02      2.20   R1   F    RSA C                       $1       $ 381,900   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        2,125                         04/28/2026            LANTIEGNE MICHAEL F                   $ 249,200
388,100.000 000406        000042   000000   07     58.51 CUUH   F                                $1       $ 388,100   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                      04/24/2026            FILSON, NICOLE                         $ 56,800
391,253.050 000410        000205   000000   02      7.09   R1   F    MHD A                       $1       $ 391,300   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        1,248                         02/02/2026            GIBBONS, JEFFREY P                    $ 226,200
391,535.555 000203        000045   000000   04     17.31   R1   E    RSA B                       $1       $ 391,700   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        994                           09/24/2025            TAYLOR, LEON & NANCY R                $ 238,200
392,400.000 000101        000092   000000   02      2.39   R1   F    RSA A                       $1       $ 392,400   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        1,434                         04/10/2026            HOTCHKISS, DANIEL R.                  $ 248,500
393,776.373 000401        000055   000000   02      1.16   R1   E    RSA B                       $1       $ 393,800   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        1,003                         03/20/2026            CAFARELLI, MARK A                     $ 234,500
400,483.739 000101   000100 000000     02     1.46  R1          F    RSA B                       $1       $ 400,700   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
            HOME IS DATED AND SOLD AS IS NEEDING REHAB                  1,888                         07/02/2025            BOCKUS CLEAMTIS J                     $ 228,600
402,007.037 000407   000063 000000     02     2.23  R1          F    RSA A                       $1       $ 402,200   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        1,279                         08/22/2025            DESHARNAIS, JOAN                      $ 252,400
408,277.517 000404        000108   000000   02      4.23   R1   F    RSA A                       $1       $ 408,400   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        1,275                         11/05/2025            PERRAS, DONNA J                       $ 256,600
413,950.326 000404        000083   000000   02      3.16   R1   F    RSA A                       $1       $ 414,000   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        1,571                         02/20/2026            PROVENCHER, PAMELA J                  $ 260,600
413,976.453 000412   000234   000002        07      2.22   R1   F    MHD A                       $1       $ 414,200   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
            PU AC & SHED;                                               1,650                         07/15/2025            RILEY, LINDA ANN                      $ 247,200
416,025.423 000410   000125   000000        02      2.80   R1   F    RSA C                       $1       $ 416,300   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
            FINISHED BASEMENT                                           1,933                         05/08/2025            SCANLAN, ROBERT A                     $ 286,800
420,848.495 000109   000001   000000        05      2.04   R1   F    MHD A                       $1       $ 421,000   I   U ESTATE SALE/FDCY COV
            PROBATE 316-2024-ET-02265                                   1,443                         10/03/2025            HIBBARD, BARBARA L EST                $ 221,600
420,848.495 000109   000001   000000        05      2.04   R1   F    MHD A                       $1       $ 421,000   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        1,443                         10/23/2025            FAUTEUX, SAMANTHA                     $ 221,600
420,924.234 000404        000105   000000   02      1.23   R1   F    RSA C                       $1       $ 421,000   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        1,566                         01/08/2026            MCCURDY, CHARLES F                    $ 257,200
423,698.312 000412        000047   000000   02      2.13   R1   F    RSA D                       $1       $ 423,800   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        2,069                         12/26/2025            GAMACHE, ANTONIO                      $ 279,200
423,972.808 000411        000377   000000   07      3.30   R1   E    RSA A                       $1       $ 424,100   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        1,565                         11/19/2025            RICH, MILDRED F.                      $ 264,500
425,621.239 000409        000184   000000   02      1.65   R1   F    RSA C                       $1       $ 425,800   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        1,593                         09/30/2025            HINSE, JAMES E                        $ 259,200
432,970.109 000410        000161   000000   07      2.01   R1   F    RSA A                       $1       $ 433,100   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        1,373                         11/19/2025            THOMS, JASON                          $ 273,300
433,292.020 000402        000053   000000   02      2.20   R1   F    RSA A                       $1       $ 433,500   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        1,783                         08/11/2025            DINAN, SEAN                           $ 281,000



Printed: 08/11/2026 3:20:26 pm                                       Trended 0.006% prior to 04/01/2026
                                                                                PAGE 104
    Ratio     Map       Lot        Sub      Zone   Acres   LC   NC   BR      SH      Trended          Assessment      I   Q Unqualified Description
              Sale Note                                                   Eff. Area Sale Price         Sale Date            Grantor                   Prior Year Assessment
435,695.433 000404    000056       000000   07      4.36   R1   D    RSA A                       $1       $ 435,800   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
            316-2024-ET-03053                                           1,451                         12/19/2025            TIFFANY, WILLIAM F                    $ 256,800
444,906.362 000412    000160       000000   02      6.36   R1   F    RSA D                       $1       $ 445,200   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        1,987                         05/30/2025            GURKSNIS, JUSTIN T.                   $ 298,300
444,906.362 000412        000160   000000   02      6.36   R1   F    RSA D                       $1       $ 445,200   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        1,987                         05/30/2025            LEITGEB, FRANCES A.                   $ 298,300
445,293.130 000403        000203   000000   07      2.19   R1   F    RSA A                       $1       $ 445,400   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        1,580                         12/23/2025            WHITE, SCOTT E                        $ 278,300
450,710.702 000411  000069  000000    02    1.23           R1   F    RSA B                       $1       $ 450,900   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
            QUITCLLAIM DEED                                             2,000                         09/10/2025            ROWELL, AILEEN U                      $ 290,200
451,910.198 000410  000141  000004    07    2.77           R1   F    RSA A                       $1       $ 452,100   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
            NEW WINDOWS, FINISHED BASEMENT                              1,579                         09/30/2025            DEARBORN, DANA E                      $ 336,600
452,655.566 000409  000164  000000    07   10.70           R1   F    MHD A                       $1       $ 452,900   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        1,740                         07/08/2025            BOISVERT, WILLIAM P                   $ 264,800
455,735.935 000108        000035   000000   02      1.78   R1   E    RSA B                       $1       $ 455,900   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        2,036                         10/10/2025            MILLER, WILLIAM F.                    $ 304,800
462,650.169 000402        000060   000000   02      2.20   R1   F    RSA B                       $1       $ 462,900   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        1,564                         07/25/2025            THIBAULT, KEITH K                     $ 308,200
463,749.575 000403        000152   000000   02      2.65   R1   F    RSA D                       $1       $ 464,000   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        2,219                         07/15/2025            RIEL, JANET M                         $ 315,300
463,800.000 000410  000219 000002    02             5.08   R1   F    RSA C                       $1       $ 463,800   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
            NON CONTRACTUAL PER DEED                                    1,658                         04/24/2026            CHESLEY, ABIGALE E                    $ 306,400
469,287.371 000406  000055 000000    02             2.10   R1   F    RSA A                       $1       $ 469,400   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        1,714                         12/11/2025            DESFOSSES, RAYMOND R                  $ 302,600
472,359.901 000403        000091   000000   02      1.00   R1   E    RSA A                       $1       $ 472,700   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        1,983                         04/09/2025            VIGNOLA, ARTHUR                       $ 294,200
473,200.000 000411  000345  000000          07      2.05   R1   F    RSA D                       $1       $ 473,200   I   U UNCLASSFYD EXCLUSION
            CORRECTIVE DEED                                             2,072                         04/01/2026            DAVIDSON, TIMOTHY & PA                $ 290,200
473,557.933 000412  000062  000000          02      2.02   R1   F    RSA A                       $1       $ 473,700   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        2,232                         11/14/2025            HOWLAND, DANIEL                       $ 325,100
474,129.313 000407        000011   000001   01      2.50   R1   E    RSA A                       $1       $ 474,300   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        1,768                         10/09/2025            LANEFSKI, MATTHEW                     $ 324,100
479,369.902 000406        000022   000001   07      2.00   R1   F    RSA A                       $1       $ 479,600   I   U ESTATE SALE/FDCY COV
                                                                        1,916                         08/19/2025            HATCH, BRENDAN LARKIN                 $ 302,100
485,979.254 000201        000093   000000   02      2.00   R1   F    RSA C                       $1       $ 486,300   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        2,166                         05/29/2025            SNEDEKER, DAVID                       $ 311,000
486,870.788 000202        000087   000000   07      1.10   R1   F    RSA C                       $1       $ 486,900   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        2,343                         03/30/2026            POOLE, RICHARD E.                     $ 326,000
487,053.884 000411        000303   000000   07      0.33   R1   D    RSA B                       $1       $ 487,200   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                        2,729                         11/21/2025            THIEL II, GEORGE A                    $ 328,700



Printed: 08/11/2026 3:20:26 pm                                       Trended 0.006% prior to 04/01/2026
                                                                                PAGE 105
    Ratio     Map       Lot        Sub      Zone   Acres   LC    NC   BR      SH      Trended          Assessment      I   Q Unqualified Description
              Sale Note                                                    Eff. Area Sale Price         Sale Date            Grantor                   Prior Year Assessment
491,981.924 000202        000056   000000   07      2.45   R1    E    RSA A                       $1       $ 492,100   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         2,246                         12/23/2025            GARERI FAMILY TRUST                   $ 332,400
495,202.878 000406  000024  000000   07     2.48  R1             F    RSA A                       $1       $ 495,500   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
            CORRECTIVE DEED TO CORRECT CO-TENANCY                        1,532                         06/16/2025            HAMEL, KELLIE A                       $ 296,800
496,801.919 000401  000034  000000   01     8.21  R1             C    RSA C                       $1       $ 497,100   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         2,267                         06/06/2025            JAROCHE, CASEY                        $ 338,700
497,091.222 000411        000081   000000   02      2.75   R1    F    RSA A                       $1       $ 497,300   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         1,738                         09/24/2025            MANNA, MICHAEL L                      $ 327,300
498,530.793 000410   000085 000000   07     29.27 R1             F    RSA E                       $1       $ 498,800   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
            INTERIOR DATA CORRECTED UPON INSPECTION                      2,621                         07/28/2025            DUFFIELD, MICHAEL P                   $ 292,900
499,430.308 000410   000087 000000   01     48.50 R1             F                                $1       $ 499,700   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       07/28/2025            DUFFIELD, MICHAEL P                   $ 282,000
500,500.000 000406        000013   000000   07     23.16   R1    F    RSA A                       $1       $ 500,500   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         1,518                         04/01/2026            YOUNG, TERI                           $ 299,000
503,688.451 000409  000086  000000   02    4.19            R1    F    RSA C                       $1       $ 503,900   I   U GOVMT AGENCY GRNTR/E
            TAX DEED FROM TOWN BACK TO OWNER                             2,160                         09/03/2025            WEARE, TOWN OF                        $ 387,800
507,695.383 000203  000042  000000   05   16.70            R1    E    RSA B                       $1       $ 508,000   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         1,984                         06/23/2025            SAWYER, NANCY 1990 TRU                $ 324,700
507,695.383 000203  000042  000000    05      16.70        R1    E    RSA B                       $1       $ 508,000   I   U UNCLASSFYD EXCLUSION
            CORRECTIVE QUITCLAIM OF 9864/2948                            1,984                         06/23/2025            SAWYER, NANCY 1990 TRU                $ 324,700
508,100.000 000401  000001  000000    02       4.18        R1    F    RSA A                       $1       $ 508,100   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         2,352                         04/15/2026            MARKARIAN, KURT M                     $ 335,000
509,900.000 000403        000065   000000   02      2.90   R1    E    RSA D                       $1       $ 509,900   I   U DIVORCE PRTY GRNTR/E
                                                                         2,274                         04/17/2026            BROWN, DAVID W                        $ 344,100
511,823.615 000401  000060         000000   02      2.05   R1    F    RSA C                       $1       $ 512,100   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
            PU DECK & EPF;                                               2,307                         07/21/2025            HALL, DOUGLAS A                       $ 350,900
511,946.416 000108  000075         000000   02      1.10   R1W   C    RSA B                       $1       $ 512,100   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         1,758                         11/07/2025            RENNIE, ALLAN P ADMINI                $ 350,400
515,821.456 000402        000099   000000   02     13.46   R1    F    RSA B                       $1       $ 516,100   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         2,187                         07/10/2025            HATFIELD, MARGARET L                  $ 325,200
515,859.533 000402        000071   000000   07      2.27   R1    F    RSA D                       $1       $ 516,200   I   U DIVORCE PRTY GRNTR/E
                                                                         2,307                         05/13/2025            SMITH, GREGORY                        $ 354,100
518,600.000 000404        000126   000000   07     16.50   R1    D    RSA C                       $1       $ 518,600   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         1,393                         04/07/2026            FURMAN, WADE ELLIS                    $ 327,400
519,019.729 000409  000118 000000    02    4.23            R1    F    RSA C                       $1       $ 519,300   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
            REVOCABLE TRANSFER ON DEATH DEED                             1,576                         07/08/2025            DEMAINE, LINDA P                      $ 344,800
519,081.986 000409  000118 000000    02    4.23            R1    F    RSA C                       $1       $ 519,300   I   U UNCLASSFYD EXCLUSION
            TOD DEED                                                     1,576                         09/12/2025            DEMAINE, LINDA P                      $ 344,800
521,056.103 000403  000145 000000    02    4.57            R1    F    RSA D                       $1       $ 521,400   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         2,422                         05/08/2025            GILMORE, DENNIS J&KIMB                $ 376,000



Printed: 08/11/2026 3:20:26 pm                                        Trended 0.006% prior to 04/01/2026
                                                                                 PAGE 106
    Ratio     Map       Lot        Sub      Zone   Acres    LC    NC   BR      SH      Trended          Assessment   I    Q Unqualified Description
              Sale Note                                                     Eff. Area Sale Price         Sale Date          Grantor                   Prior Year Assessment
521,943.417 000412  000010         000000   07       2.00   R1    F    RSA C                       $1       $ 522,100 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
            QUITCLAIM DEED                                                2,521                         11/18/2025          AUDET, RACHEL M                       $ 349,900
526,400.000 000202  000063         000000   07       2.40   R1    E    RSA A                       $1       $ 526,400 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                          2,157                         04/27/2026          EDGERLY, ROBERT                       $ 346,500
530,700.000 000403  000182         000000   07       2.02   R1    F    RSA A                       $1       $ 530,700 I   U NO STAMP PER DEED
            QUITCLAIM                                                     2,417                         04/28/2026          GONZALEZ, ALAINA                      $ 343,900
531,200.000 000106  000020         000000   02       0.23   R1W   C    RSA B                       $1       $ 531,200 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                          1,296                         04/10/2026          MCLEMAN FAMILY IRREV                  $ 442,100
533,036.036 000401        000098   000000   02       2.54   R1    E    RSA A                       $1       $ 533,100 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                          2,405                         02/26/2026          BOARDMAN, JOHN F                      $ 365,000
533,371.991 000404        000096   000000   07     160.00   R1    F                                $1       $ 533,500 V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                        12/02/2025          FARR, BRUCE A                         $ 303,200
534,267.944 000403        000059   000000   01       5.10   R1    F
                                                                RSA B                              $1       $ 534,300 I   U ESTATE SALE/FDCY COV
                                                                   2,405                                03/04/2026          FRISCH, CYNTHIA J EXEC                $ 374,300
536,267.824   000403   000181   000007     07    0.53  R1    F RSA D                               $1       $ 536,300 I   U DIVORCE PRTY GRNTR/E
                                                                   2,534                                03/13/2026          SBAT FAMILY TRUST OF 2                $ 338,900
541,035.076   000409   000125   000000     07    3.50  R1    F RSA D                               $1       $ 541,100 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                   2,976                                02/10/2026          GAMACHE, PETER N                      $ 376,400
542,302.386   000411   000061   000000     02    3.97  R1    F RSA C                               $1       $ 542,400 I   U UNCLASSFYD EXCLUSION
              TOD DEED 9923-1339 DIXON, NICHOLAS & DIXON, SARAH    2,300                                01/27/2026          DIXON, RANDAL J                       $ 374,400
550,166.990   000407   000100   000000     02    6.00  R1    E RSA E                               $1       $ 550,200 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                   2,374                                03/02/2026          RICE, CHRISTIE LYNN                   $ 368,600
553,700.668   000403   000181   000002     07    0.39  R1    F RSA C                               $1       $ 553,900 I   U DIVORCE PRTY GRNTR/E
                                                                   2,468                                10/07/2025          PATTERSON, MARK B                     $ 369,000
554,100.000   000408   000189   000000     07    2.50  R1    F RSA B                               $1       $ 554,100 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                   2,270                                04/27/2026          TYLER, RICHARD W JR.                  $ 369,000
557,765.341   000202   000010   000003     07    1.34  R1    F RSA A                               $1       $ 558,100 I   U EASEMENT/BOATSLIPS
              PUBLIC SERVICE EASEMENT DEED PU HSE, PER CONTRACTO 2,150                                  06/24/2025          SICILIANO, ARTHUR F.,                 $ 236,200
557,766.534   000409   000157   000005     07    4.72  R2    F RMF D                               $1       $ 557,800 I   U UNCLASSFYD EXCLUSION
              PARENTS DECEASED, PROPERTY TRANSFERRED TO DAUGHT 2,993                                    03/16/2026          HANSCOM, LAURA BETH RE                $ 366,500
562,764.936   000102   000032   000000     02    0.99  R1    E RSA D                               $1       $ 562,900 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                   2,316                                12/12/2025          CHRISTIANSEN, KODY                    $ 367,800
563,697.069   000404   000117   000006     07    5.07  R1    F RSA D                               $1       $ 563,900 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                   2,493                                10/09/2025          POWELL, CARMELA A                     $ 364,400
564,064.624   000412   000186   000027     07    3.45  R1    G RSA C                               $1       $ 564,200 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
              QUITCLAIM DEED TO CORRECT NAME ERROR ON PREVIOUS D 1,969                                  12/23/2025          LEMIRE, KEVIN B                       $ 362,600
567,331.920   000411   000275   000000     02    2.11  R1    F RSA D                               $1       $ 567,400 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                   2,889                                02/20/2026          DE TONE, PETER J                      $ 385,200
570,460.407   000411   000108   000005     05    2.34  R1    F RSA C                               $1       $ 570,700 I   U DIVORCE PRTY GRNTR/E
                                                                   2,607                                09/12/2025          MALONEY, KATHARINE R                  $ 392,300



Printed: 08/11/2026 3:20:26 pm                                         Trended 0.006% prior to 04/01/2026
                                                                                  PAGE 107
    Ratio     Map       Lot        Sub      Zone   Acres   LC   NC   BR      SH      Trended          Assessment      I   Q Unqualified Description
              Sale Note                                                   Eff. Area Sale Price         Sale Date            Grantor                   Prior Year Assessment
571,097.203 000410        000058   000001   02      3.33   R1   F
                                                            RSA D                                $1       $ 571,200   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                               2,207                                  01/20/2026            LAVALLEE, CHRISTIAN J                 $ 377,800
584,789.476   000403  000136   000000   02     4.10  R2  E RSA E                                 $1       $ 585,000   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
              QUITCLAIM DEED                                   3,344                                  10/22/2025            BODDY, MICHAEL J                      $ 398,400
590,829.101   000403  000041   000000   02     2.00  R1  F RSA C                                 $1       $ 590,900   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                               2,658                                  02/24/2026            WHITMORE, JOHN E                      $ 407,800
592,280.169   000101  000074   000000   02     0.14  R1  C RSA A                                 $1       $ 592,600   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                               1,452                                  07/31/2025            DUPUIS, SANDRA L REVOC                $ 450,000
592,280.169   000101  000074   000000   02     0.14  R1  C RSA A                                 $1       $ 592,600   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                               1,452                                  07/31/2025            DUPUIS, ERIC W                        $ 450,000
595,407.031   000410  000047   000000   07     2.49  R1  F RSA E                                 $1       $ 595,800   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                               3,712                                  05/16/2025            SYMOLON, GARY                         $ 414,500
597,205.844   000412  000065   000000   02     2.00  R1  F RSA D                                 $1       $ 597,600   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                               2,243                                  05/30/2025            ANDERSON, RENEE A                     $ 404,600
602,583.070   000412  000205   000000   05     2.11 R1W  F RSA E                                 $1       $ 602,800   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                               2,628                                  10/07/2025            BOGASKY, KARA TATE                    $ 405,500
606,299.842   000412  000186   000001   07    12.48  R2  F RSA D                                 $1       $ 606,700   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                               2,667                                  05/30/2025            VAN DYKE, MARLENE A                   $ 405,900
610,426.749   000410  000046   000000   02     2.77  R1  F RSA D                                 $1       $ 610,500   I   U INDETERMINATE PRICE
              QUITCLAIM OTHER GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION 2,502                                   02/05/2026            MCGORRY, CHRISTINA E                  $ 430,000
611,206.621   000402  000020   000000   02     2.20  R1  F RSA D                                 $1       $ 611,500   I   U FINANCIAL CO GRNTR/E
                                                               2,412                                  08/29/2025            WATSON, RODNEY W SR                   $ 418,300
612,079.651   000407  000119   000001   07     5.01  R1  D RSA C                                 $1       $ 612,300   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                               2,623                                  10/23/2025            WALTON, MICHAEL E                     $ 414,000
612,295.885   000403  000060   000000   01     6.54  R1  F RSA D                                 $1       $ 612,700   I   U DIVORCE PRTY GRNTR/E
                                                               3,323                                  05/01/2025            SIZEMORE, NICHOLAS & A                $ 432,500
615,078.572   000412  000020   000000   02     5.10  R1  F RSA D                                 $1       $ 615,300   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
              QUITCLAIM DEED-ADDED NAME TO DEED                2,872                                  10/06/2025            MARQUIS, NORMAN JAMES                 $ 427,300
615,189.266   000412  000020   000000   02     5.10  R1  F RSA D                                 $1       $ 615,300   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                               2,872                                  01/14/2026            GUST, SHEILA                          $ 427,300
615,189.266   000412  000020   000000   02     5.10  R1  F RSA D                                 $1       $ 615,300   I   U UNCLASSFYD EXCLUSION
              TOD DEED BAILEY, DOREEN AND KENNETH JTWRS        2,872                                  01/20/2026            MARQUIS, NORMAN JAMES                 $ 427,300
620,453.274   000101  000127   000000   07     3.85  R1  E RSA D                                 $1       $ 620,900   I   U FINANCIAL CO GRNTR/E
                                                               2,555                                  04/17/2025            PLANT, JASON SNELL                    $ 413,600
621,538.954   000404  000168   000001   02     2.38  R1  F RSA D                                 $1       $ 621,800   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                               2,399                                  09/10/2025            LEARY, MARK                           $ 423,600
624,000.480   000403  000013   000000   07    10.59  R1  F RSA D                                 $1       $ 624,300   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                               3,077                                  08/01/2025            BURKE, SHELLY L                       $ 428,100
624,137.862   000412  000022   000001   02     3.42  R1  F RSA A                                 $1       $ 624,400   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                               2,911                                  09/08/2025            SPOONER, PORTER J & CI                $ 426,000



Printed: 08/11/2026 3:20:26 pm                                       Trended 0.006% prior to 04/01/2026
                                                                                PAGE 108
    Ratio     Map       Lot        Sub      Zone   Acres   LC    NC   BR      SH      Trended          Assessment   I    Q Unqualified Description
              Sale Note                                                    Eff. Area Sale Price         Sale Date          Grantor                   Prior Year Assessment
624,950.036 000202        000024   000000   07     28.18   R1    E    RSA D                       $1       $ 625,400 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         2,931                         04/03/2025          EATON-WHITE, VALERIE S                $ 325,000
626,524.086 000201        000112   000000   02     48.89   CI    G                                $1       $ 626,900 V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       06/02/2025          TOWNES, CAROLEE E REVO                $ 395,600
626,749.580 000201        000112   000000   02     48.89   CI    G                                $1       $ 626,900 V   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                                                       12/30/2025          TOWNES, CAROLEE E REVO                $ 395,600
628,624.565 000202        000027   000000   02      1.46   R1    F    RSA B                       $1       $ 628,700 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         2,678                         02/18/2026          GORDON, TRISTON K                     $ 386,200
635,971.050 000109        000025   000000   02      2.19   R1W   F    RSA C                       $1       $ 636,200 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         1,719                         10/10/2025          AUSTIN, GREGORY                       $ 386,300
638,078.868 000408        000069   000002   02      1.24   R1    F    RSA D                       $1       $ 638,500 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         2,589                         05/13/2025          BEGLEY, SHAYLAH N                     $ 414,200
641,676.494 000103        000015   000000   02      1.30   R1A   D    RSA C                       $1       $ 642,100 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         2,684                         05/05/2025          DOHERTY JR., CHARLES F                $ 446,300
642,391.652 000406        000047   000005   02      5.01   R1    F    RSA D                       $1       $ 642,700 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         2,978                         08/29/2025          ROSEN, JEFFREY                        $ 436,000
646,873.064 000411        000025   000000   02      2.17   R2    F    RSA A                       $1       $ 647,300 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         2,922                         05/28/2025          BENSON, MICHAEL J                     $ 432,900
647,100.000 000405        000044   000000   07      2.07   R2    F    RSA D                       $1       $ 647,100 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         3,591                         04/09/2026          QUINN, THOMAS E                       $ 471,400
649,288.342 000403  000125         000000   02     40.36   R1    F    RSA B                       $1       $ 649,600 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
            QUITCLAIM DEED                                               1,962                         08/26/2025          KROL, BRIANA                          $ 396,000
649,900.000 000409  000197         000000   07      5.03   R1    F    RSA D                       $1       $ 649,900 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         3,065                         05/06/2026          BALLIII, MICHAEL F                    $ 408,000
657,742.142 000411        000369   000002   07      3.42   R1    F    RSA C                       $1       $ 657,900 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         4,346                         12/15/2025          LUNDHOLM, KAREN                       $ 531,800
659,025.502 000403        000090   000000   02      1.10   R1    G    RSA D                       $1       $ 659,500 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         2,831                         04/28/2025          VAINE JR, ALFRED G                    $ 455,400
659,741.662 000408        000019   000000   02      2.51   R1    G    RSA C                       $1       $ 659,900 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         2,823                         12/30/2025          DAVIS, ALBERTO N                      $ 470,200
660,403.758 000411        000206   000003   07      2.66   R1    F    RSA D                       $1       $ 660,800 I   U DIVORCE PRTY GRNTR/E
                                                                         3,527                         06/05/2025          TSEPAS, NICHOLAS                      $ 439,700
661,100.000 000201        000091   000000   07      1.05   R1    F    RSA D                       $1       $ 661,100 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         2,635                         04/23/2026          WILCOX-FAVRE, MICHELE                 $ 427,600
667,479.854 000409        000023   000000   01      6.77   R1    F    RSA C                       $1       $ 667,600 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         3,213                         01/28/2026          CROTEAU, MICHELE M                    $ 467,600
674,997.501 000411        000174   000002   07      7.44   R1    F    RSA D                       $1       $ 675,200 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         2,834                         11/03/2025          HEAFIELD, LINCOLN                     $ 450,300
676,594.044 000412        000186   000031   07      2.34   R1    G    RSA D                       $1       $ 677,000 I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                         2,979                         06/19/2025          GUNNIP, BRITTANY L                    $ 467,200



Printed: 08/11/2026 3:20:26 pm                                        Trended 0.006% prior to 04/01/2026
                                                                                 PAGE 109
    Ratio     Map       Lot      Sub   Zone   Acres   LC   NC   BR      SH      Trended          Assessment      I   Q Unqualified Description
              Sale Note                                              Eff. Area Sale Price         Sale Date            Grantor                   Prior Year Assessment
677,615.402 000410  000053    000005     07    5.38   R1    F RSA D                         $1       $ 677,900   I   U UNCLASSFYD EXCLUSION
            SCRIVENER'S AFFIDAVIT, 2024 LND AND 2025 NEW HOME CO 3,014                           09/23/2025            SCHROEDER, JOHN                       $ 450,600
685,071.166 000110  000077    000009     02    1.51 R1A     F RSA D                         $1       $ 685,400   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                 2,762                           08/14/2025            ROSSI, AARON P                        $ 473,700
685,647.473 000411  000029    000000     02    2.44   R1    F RSA C                         $1       $ 686,100   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                 2,514                           05/19/2025            WUEBBOLT, JEROME L.                   $ 485,100
691,458.512 000409  000157    0008-1     07    5.04   R1    F RSA D                         $1       $ 691,500   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                 2,970                           03/11/2026            FOGARTY, SHELLY L                     $ 462,300
692,701.255 000412  000167    000000     07    5.50   R1    F RSA A                         $1       $ 693,200   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
            GARAGE, SIDING, DRIVEWAY                             2,221                           04/28/2025            BURGESS, CANDACE M                    $ 468,000
700,873.843 000403  000089    000028     02    1.08   R1    G RSA A                         $1       $ 701,000   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                 2,335                           01/21/2026            COULTERS, MICHAEL A                   $ 430,600
709,457.433 000405  000007    000001     01    5.00   R1    F RSA C                         $1       $ 709,500   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                 2,787                           03/25/2026            VALPEY FAMILY TRUST                   $ 484,200
710,872.043 000411  000108    000000     05    2.00   R2    F RSA C                         $1       $ 711,000   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
            QUITCLAIM DEED                                       3,177                           01/02/2026            WAITT, TIFFANY A                      $ 462,500
720,697.307 000402  000030    000000     02    2.17   R1    F RSA D                         $1       $ 721,000   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                 4,249                           09/15/2025            LINEBERRY, KELLY                      $ 520,400
726,638.410 000201  000112    000003     02    5.00   R1    G RSA E                         $1       $ 726,900   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                 3,495                           10/14/2025            FRANCISCOVICH, JAMES                  $ 501,900
730,649.288 000101  000051    000000     02    0.78 R1W     D RSA B                         $1       $ 731,000   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
            QUITCLAIM HUSBAND & WIFE JNT TEN                     1,304                           08/27/2025            PINARD, ADRIEN D                      $ 618,700
743,121.651 000412  000241    000000     02    5.00   R2    E RSA E                         $1       $ 743,300   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                 3,010                           12/24/2025            SHEPARD, PAMELA                       $ 492,700
757,445.533 000108  000072    000000     02    0.67 R1W     C RSA B                         $1       $ 757,900   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                 3,465                           06/24/2025            LANGFORD, KAREN WOODAL                $ 551,600
790,020.790 000403  000221    000000     05   21.00   R1    E RSA D                         $1       $ 790,400   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
            FATHER TO DAUGHTER                                   2,475                           08/28/2025            BERARD, DAVID L                       $ 543,800
793,366.786 000402  000135    000000     02    5.50   R1    E RSA C                         $1       $ 793,700   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
            RENO'D UFF BDRMS & BTHS; ADDED MORE PLUMB FIX; GEN 2 3,553                           09/29/2025            HALBACH,RONALD ELLIOTT                $ 531,900
809,360.069 000412  000067    000003     07    3.34 R1W     F RSA A                         $1       $ 809,700   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                 4,740                           09/26/2025            PELLETIER, SANDRA L                   $ 605,300
845,947.729 000411  000343    000001     07    2.33   R2    F RSA D                         $1       $ 846,100   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                 5,944                           01/09/2026            HOFFMAN, ELIZABETH R                  $ 605,100
864,396.272 000411  000102    000000     05    4.07   CI    E CRA A                         $1       $ 864,500   I   U BUSIN AFFIL GRNTR/E
                                                                 3,756                           02/12/2026            E P STARK HIGHWAY LLC                 $ 697,900
877,168.439 000202  000030    000000     02    5.32   R1    F RSA D                         $1       $ 877,800   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                 3,625                           04/15/2025            HARDY, JOHN N                         $ 588,900
891,439.541 000411  000206    000000     07   69.25   R2    F RSA C                         $1       $ 891,600   I   U DIVORCE PRTY GRNTR/E
                                                                 3,437                           01/22/2026            MEADOW BROOK 2006 REVO                $ 598,000



Printed: 08/11/2026 3:20:26 pm                                  Trended 0.006% prior to 04/01/2026
                                                                           PAGE 110
      Ratio     Map       Lot        Sub      Zone   Acres   LC    NC   BR      SH      Trended          Assessment      I   Q Unqualified Description
                Sale Note                                                    Eff. Area Sale Price         Sale Date            Grantor                   Prior Year Assessment
 891,586.019 000411         000310   000000   02     40.50   R1    D    RSA E                       $1       $ 891,800   I   U DIVORCE PRTY GRNTR/E
                                                                           4,322                         12/02/2025            DOWST, JONATHAN H                     $ 639,300
 891,692.997 000411         000310   000000   02     40.50   R1    D    RSA E                       $1       $ 891,800   I   U BUSIN AFFIL GRNTR/E
                                                                           4,322                         02/25/2026            DOWST, JONATHAN H                     $ 639,300
 893,671.038 000405         000073   000026   07      1.22   R1    G    RSA D                       $1       $ 894,100   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                           4,403                         08/20/2025            THOMAS, JEFFREY B                     $ 554,500
 917,639.300 000104         000012   000000   02      0.33   R1W   D    RSA C                       $1       $ 918,300   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                           2,241                         04/15/2025            MARTEL, SANDRA                        $ 515,000
 935,419.374 000411         000152   000007   07      1.41   R1    G    RSA D                       $1       $ 935,700   I   U FINANCIAL CO GRNTR/E
                                                                           4,259                         11/12/2025            LAFRANCE, CYNTHIA & JA                $ 638,300
 993,661.521 000406         000050   000001   02     60.00   R1    F    RSA C                       $1       $ 993,900   I   U DIVORCE PRTY GRNTR/E
                                                                           3,308                         12/09/2025            BENNETT, CRAIG L                      $ 637,700
1,025,800.000 000102 000021  000000   02      3.69           R1    D    RSA C                       $1     $ 1,025,800   I   U EASEMENT/BOATSLIPS
              MAINTENANCE EASEMENTTO 102-23                                3,975                         04/23/2026            DUTTON, HELEN W REVOC                 $ 657,800
1,054,800.000 000406 000028  000000   07    139.67           R1    F    RSA A                       $1     $ 1,054,800   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                           1,927                         04/24/2026            FILSON, NICOLE                        $ 689,500
1,119,128.523 000109        000020   000000   05      9.63   R4A   E    RMF E                       $1     $ 1,119,800   I   U FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                                                                           8,293                         06/13/2025            STARACE, ROBERT                       $ 830,400




  Printed: 08/11/2026 3:20:26 pm                                        Trended 0.006% prior to 04/01/2026
                                                                                   PAGE 111
Map: 000103         Lot: 000031        Sub: 000000           Card: 1 of 2               228 RUSSELL DRIVE                       WEARE             Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                   SALES HISTORY                                                 PICTURE
                                           .
DAVIS, NICHOLAS A                              Date       Book   Page    Type         Price Grantor
                                               04/30/2025 9852    9      QI       1,250,000 BOMHOFF, JOHN M
DAVIS, SARAH
                                               03/05/2021 9434   2600    QI         772,533 AUBIN, DENNIS & JOAN
228 RUSSELL DRIVE                              05/09/2005 7457   2496   U V 15      212,533 TINGLE, S&H
                                               02/25/2003 6846   394    U V 38              TINGLE, S&H
WEARE, NH 03281                                07/25/2000 6268   1736   U V 18      160,000 RUSSELL, GORDON JR
            LISTING HISTORY                                                   NOTES
05/04/26 DMPR                                  GRY; SOLD WITH 103-32 7/00; TERRACED TO WF/ DOCK @ WF/ 3' DROP TO
10/14/25 RWVM V-SALE                           WF; DNPU PLASTIC SHED OR BOAT DOCK OR CANVAS SHED; EFF 04/17
03/07/25 DMPE                                  ZONE CORR PER INFO OF TOWN; THERE WILL BE RAD/WTR FOR
02/20/24 DMPE                                  HEAT=COND; 3/22; PU ADDTN, LACKS SIDING & WINDS=35% COMPL'D;
02/22/23 DMVE                                  ADDED 1 BD/1 BTH; 2/23; NOH; "NT" SIGNS=EST; 2/24; EST ADDTN IS 100%
11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION           COMPL'D; 10/25; CORR SKETCH; EST TQF 15', DNV; PU PAT, CORR DEK,
03/28/22 DMPM                                  RMV SHED; NEW KIT, DNV; PER HO GAR TO ADU FOR 26, CK 26; 5/26; PU
01/19/21 DMPR                                  CARD #2;
                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                              MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond        Market Value Notes
DECK                                448     14 x 32          96    7.00   80               2,408 EST/SHAPE               WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
PATIO                               510     34 x 15          91    7.00 100                3,249 EST/SHAPE
LEAN-TO                             112      4 x 28         203    4.00 100                  909 OPF TO GAR
SHED-WOOD                            36       6x6           400   17.00   40                 979 EST/ATT                       PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
LEAN-TO                              96      6 x 16         227    4.00 100                  872 ATT/EST
                                                                                                                        Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                           8,400                        2024      $ 212,000    $ 35,500     $ 540,000
                                                                                                                                              Parcel Total: $ 787,500
                                                                                                                        2025      $ 218,300    $ 46,200     $ 540,000
                                                                                                                                              Parcel Total: $ 804,500
                                                                                                                        2026      $ 376,600     $ 8,400     $ 540,000 (c)
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 1,127,800
                                                                                                                       (Card Total: $ 925,000)
                                             LAND VALUATION                                                        LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                              Site: GOOD Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: DIRT/GRAVEL
Land Type                Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography      Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
2F RES WTRFRNT           2.160 ac    160,640 D   90   105   95     95 85 -- MODERATE 100      116,500     0 N    116,500
LAKE HORACE            256.000 wf RETAINING WALLS, MAIN BODY          95 -- MILD W    100     423,500     0      423,500 GROOMED/TERRACED
                            2.160 ac                                                                          540,000           540,000




                                                                                PAGE 112
Map: 000103   Lot: 000031   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 2             228 RUSSELL DRIVE                        WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                         BUILDING DETAILS
                                   DAVIS, NICHOLAS A                       District       Percentage  Model: 1.75 STORY CAPE
                                   DAVIS, SARAH                                                         Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   228 RUSSELL DRIVE                                                     Ext: VINYL SIDING/ABOVE AVG
                                                                                                          Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                     Floor: LAMINATE/VINYL/HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:   2,890                                           Heat: GAS/RAD WATER
                                                                PERMITS                            Bedrooms: 4          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type         Notes                              Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   05/18/26 SE05-197-26 SEPTIC              ECA2026050625               A/C: No                         Generators: 1
                                   11/25/25 BP11-618-25 RENOVATIONS         KITCHEN FOR DET. ADU     Quality: A2 AVG+20
                                   09/18/25 MP09-471-25 MECHANICAL          BOILER                 Com. Wall:
                                   08/26/25 BP08-418-25 BUILDING PERMIT     OFFICE SPACE/BATHROOM 2ND FL GARAGE
                                   06/24/25 EL06-286-25 ELECTRICAL          KIT. WIRING RANGES ETC  Size Adj: 0.9962               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   06/18/25 SE06-273-25 SEPTIC              SEGARAGE 2025052225                                   Bldg. Rate:         1.1950
                                   06/13/25 mp06-265-25 MECHANICAL          GAS PIPE KITCHEN STOVE                             Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 191.19
                                                                                                            BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                        ID       Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                        TQF    3/4 STRY FIN             708     0.75    531
                                                                                                        FFF    FST FLR FIN             1318     1.00   1318
                                                                                                        BMU    BSMNT                   1092     0.15    164
                                                                                                        DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE            336     0.10      34
                                                                                                        RBU    RAISED BSMNT             226     0.25      57
                                                                                                        PAT    PATIO                    270     0.05      14
                                                                                                        GLA:    1,849                 3,950           2,118




                                                                                                            2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                             Market Cost New:            $ 404,940
                                                                                                                    Year Built:               2006
                                                                                                            Condition For Age: VERY GOOD       7%
                                                                                                                      Physical:
                                                                                                                   Functional:
                                                                                                                    Economic:
                                                                                                                   Temporary:
                                                                                                            Total Depreciation:                7%

                                                                                                               Building Value:                   $ 376,600
                                                                PAGE 113
Map: 000103         Lot: 000031          Sub: 000000       Card: 2 of 2            228 RUSSELL DRIVE                      WEARE              Printed:    08/11/2026
          OWNER INFORMATION                                            SALES HISTORY                                                PICTURE
DAVIS, NICHOLAS A                             Date     Book Page    Type       Price Grantor
DAVIS, SARAH
228 RUSSELL DRIVE


WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                NOTES
05/04/26 DMVM                                 5/26; NOH; SKETCHED GAR DUE TO ADU; EST INT; YB EST & 100%
                                              COMPL'D;




                                           EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                      MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                         Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate Cond    Market Value Notes
                                                                                                                    WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE

                                                                                                                         PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                  Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                  2026      $ 202,800           $0            $ 0 (c)
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 1,127,800




                                                                                                                             (Card Total: $ 202,800)
                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                            LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone:   Minimum Acreage: Minimum Frontage:                                                           Site:           Driveway:                Road:                 .


Land Type 2F RES WTRFRNT      Neighborhood:                                                    Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes

                                  0 ac




                                                                           PAGE 114
Map: 000103   Lot: 000031   Sub: 000000       Card: 2 of 2             228 RUSSELL DRIVE                    WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                             OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                      BUILDING DETAILS
                                   DAVIS, NICHOLAS A                       District    Percentage      Model: 2.00 STORY GAR/ADU
                                   DAVIS, SARAH                                                          Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   228 RUSSELL DRIVE                                                      Ext: CLAP BOARD
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                      Floor: LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number:   2,890                                            Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                                PERMITS                             Bedrooms: 1          Baths: 1.0         Fixtures:
                                    Date   Permit ID    Permit Type         Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                                                                                         A/C: No                         Generators:
                                                                                                      Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                                                                                    Com. Wall:
                                                                                                     Size Adj: 1.4242               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                   Bldg. Rate:         1.4125
                                                                                                                                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 225.99
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                    ID    Description              Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                    UFF UPPER FLR FIN                 728     1.00    728
                                                                                                    GAR GARAGE                        728     0.45    328
                                                                                                    OPF OPEN PORCH                    100     0.25      25
                                                                                                    GLA: 728                        1,556           1,081




                                                                                                       2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                        Market Cost New:           $ 244,295
                                                                                                               Year Built:              2012
                                                                                                       Condition For Age:  GOOD          7%
                                                                                                                 Physical:
                                                                                                              Functional:   LOD        10 %
                                                                                                               Economic:
                                                                                                              Temporary:
                                                                                                       Total Depreciation:             17 %

                                                                                                           Building Value:                      $ 202,800
                                                                PAGE 115
Map: 000104         Lot: 000004        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1            108 EAST SHORE DRIVE                      WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                              SALES HISTORY                                                 PICTURE
MENN, SLAVA                                 Date       Book   Page   Type       Price Grantor
                                            12/08/2025 9912   2774   QI       780,000 KUCK, ERIC A
MENN, RHIANNON
                                            12/10/2019 9241   928    QI       377,000 MCETTRICK, SCOTT R
6 LIBERTY SQUARE #90968                     05/16/2017 8968   0319   QI       277,533 DUPLESSIS, ROLAND
                                            06/18/2002 6652   2328   QI       185,000 MERRILL, D&D
BOSTON, MA 02109                            06/01/2001 6430   1304   QI       179,600 CLOOS, KATHLEEN
            LISTING HISTORY                                                 NOTES
02/12/26 DMVM V-SALE                        BRN; YEAR ROUND; ON SLAB; 2001 REPLACED SEPTIC SYSTEM; BACKUP
06/20/23 DMVE                               HEAT=GAS MONITOR HEATER; 5/14 NOH; NEW ROOF & SIDING; DNPU
11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        BOAT DOCK; 10/18 NOH; 6/23; INFO FROM MLS-STN FPL; 2/26; NOH;
10/09/18 DMVM MARKED FOR INSPECTION         GRANITE C-TOPS/SHAKER CABS;
05/07/14 DMVM
04/23/14  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
03/11/09 DMVM
12/04/08  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                          MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                           357     21 x 17         105    17.00   80          5,098                         WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                            70      14 x 5         289    17.00   80          2,751 ATT TO HSE
DECK                                264     22 x 12         121     7.00 100           2,236 @ WTR
FIREPLACE 1-CUST                       1                    100 7,500.00 100           7,500 STONE                         PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                      17,600                        Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                    2024      $ 196,400    $ 11,900      $ 356,200
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 564,500
                                                                                                                    2025      $ 196,400    $ 11,900      $ 356,200
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 564,500
                                                                                                                    2026      $ 340,300    $ 17,600      $ 410,100
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 768,000


                                                LAND VALUATION                                                             LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                       Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: DIRT/GRAVEL
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography            Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES WTRFRNT              0.220 ac    126,000 D   90    100    95  95  90 -- ROLLING          100      92,100  0 N      92,100
LAKE HORACE                74.000 wf RETAINING WALLS, MAIN BODY          100 -- LEVEL W         100     318,000  0       318,000 GRASSY
                            0.220 ac                                                                      410,100           410,100




                                                                           PAGE 116
Map: 000104   Lot: 000004   Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1            108 EAST SHORE DRIVE                  WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                              OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                      BUILDING DETAILS
                                   MENN, SLAVA                              District    Percentage      Model: 2.00 STORY CONTEMPO
                                   MENN, RHIANNON                                                         Roof: SHED/ASPHALT
                                   6 LIBERTY SQUARE #90968                                                 Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                            Int: DRYWALL/WOOD/LOGS
                                   BOSTON, MA 02109                                                      Floor: CARPET/PINE/SOFT WD
                                      Account Number:    2,119                                            Heat: OIL/FA DUCTED
                                                                 PERMITS                             Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type         Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   06/19/01 SE-06-346-01 SEPTIC              SEPTIC REPLACEMENT           A/C: No                         Generators:
                                   02/16/01 SR-02-69-01 SEPTIC               SEPTIC REVIEW             Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                                                                                     Com. Wall:
                                                                                                      Size Adj: 0.9516               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                    Bldg. Rate:         1.0156
                                                                                                                                 Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 162.49
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                     ID       Description           Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                     CTH    CATHEDRAL                  174     0.10      17
                                                                                                     FFF    FST FLR FIN               1160     1.00   1160
                                                                                                     SLB    SLAB                       174     0.00       0
                                                                                                     UFF    UPPER FLR FIN              986     1.00    986
                                                                                                     CRL    CRAWL SPACE                986     0.05      49
                                                                                                     EPF    ENCLOSED                    64     0.70      45
                                                                                                     VLT    VAULTED                    580     0.05      29
                                                                                                     DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE              667     0.10      67
                                                                                                     GLA:    2,146                   4,791           2,353




                                                                                                        2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                         Market Cost New:            $ 382,339
                                                                                                                Year Built:               1985
                                                                                                        Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     11 %
                                                                                                                  Physical:
                                                                                                               Functional:
                                                                                                                Economic:
                                                                                                               Temporary:
                                                                                                        Total Depreciation:              11 %

                                                                                                            Building Value:                      $ 340,300
                                                                 PAGE 117
Map: 000105         Lot: 000037        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1                  51 WINTER ROAD                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
GILBERT, LANDON                             Date       Book   Page    Type        Price Grantor
                                            12/16/2025 9913   2401   U V 31           1 GILBERT, LANDON
GILBERT, MALORIE
                                            09/05/2025 9886   1070    QI        495,000 PRATT LIVING TRUST
33 CORTLAND AVENUE                          02/12/2024 9756   2730   U I 38           1 PRATTE, DAVID R
                                            12/13/2016 8927   1036    QI        236,000 HAVENS, LORENE A
WEARE, NH 03281                             02/03/1999 6061   171     QI        111,000 POPIELNICKI, TED J.
            LISTING HISTORY                                               NOTES
10/14/25 RWVM V-SALE                        BROWN; SHDR W/ 55 WINTER RD MAP 105 LOT 13; PL THRU BACKYARD;
06/26/23 DMVE                               DNPU TREE HSE; 10/18 FMICA/ WD CABINETS IN KIT; CORR'D BMG SIZE;
11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        ATF MEAS 9FT; 1 BEDRM HAS LAM. FLRING;ATF=1 BDRM; WELL MAINT;
10/16/18 DMVL MARKED FOR INSPECTION         FREESTANDING GAS STOVE IN ATF; 6/23; NOH; POSTED=EST; 10/25; INFO @
05/14/14 DMVM                               DOOR; EXT STILL GD COND OVERALL; 29X26 NDS SCRAPE/PAINT IN
04/23/14  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        HARDER TO REACH AREAS;
05/26/11 DMVM
07/28/05 CRRM

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                      1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500 INSERT                  WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                           120     12 x 10         193    17.00   80          3,150 NEXT TO DRWY
LEAN-TO                              96      8 x 12         227     4.00 100             872 LEFT TO HSE
                                                                                        9,500                             PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                   Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2024      $ 211,000     $ 5,700       $ 77,800
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 294,500
                                                                                                                   2025      $ 211,000     $ 5,700       $ 77,800
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 294,500
                                                                                                                   2026      $ 342,100     $ 9,500      $ 145,600
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 497,200


                                                LAND VALUATION                                                               LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                  Site: GOOD Driveway: PAVED Road: DIRT/GRAVEL
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography             Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      0.690 ac    147,600 D   90    105    95  100 95 -- MILD               95     119,600  0 N      119,600 SD
VIEW                                 WATERBODY VIEW, NARROW, FULL, CLOSE                         100      26,000            26,000
                            0.690 ac                                                                     145,600           145,600




                                                                             PAGE 118
Map: 000105   Lot: 000037   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1                 51 WINTER ROAD                     WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                             OWNER                        TAXABLE DISTRICTS                      BUILDING DETAILS
                                   GILBERT, LANDON                           District    Percentage      Model: 1.75 STORY SALT BOX
                                   GILBERT, MALORIE                                                        Roof: SALT BOX/PREFAB METALS
                                   33 CORTLAND AVENUE                                                       Ext: CLAP BOARD
                                                                                                             Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                        Floor: HARDWOOD/CARPET
                                      Account Number:   2,072                                              Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 4          Baths: 1.5         Fixtures: 5
                                    Date   Permit ID    Permit Type           Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                                                                                           A/C: No                         Generators:
                                                                                                        Quality: A2 AVG+20
                                                                                                      Com. Wall:
                                                                                                       Size Adj: 1.0324               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                     Bldg. Rate:         1.2262
                                                                                                                                  Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 196.20
                                                                                                               BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                      ID       Description           Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                      DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE              254     0.10      25
                                                                                                      ATF    ATTIC FINISHED             944     0.25    236
                                                                                                      FFF    FST FLR FIN                944     1.00    944
                                                                                                      BMU    BSMNT                      384     0.15      58
                                                                                                      TQF    3/4 STRY FIN               728     0.75    546
                                                                                                      BMG    BASEMENT                   560     0.20    112
                                                                                                      UFF    UPPER FLR FIN               26     1.00      26
                                                                                                      OPF    OPEN PORCH                  48     0.25      12
                                                                                                      GLA:    1,752                   3,888           1,959




                                                                                                         2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                          Market Cost New:            $ 384,356
                                                                                                                 Year Built:               1986
                                                                                                         Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     11 %
                                                                                                                   Physical:
                                                                                                                Functional:
                                                                                                                 Economic:
                                                                                                                Temporary:
                                                                                                         Total Depreciation:              11 %

                                                                                                             Building Value:                      $ 342,100
                                                                PAGE 119
Map: 000106         Lot: 000008        Sub: 000000           Card: 1 of 1                107 BRANCH ROAD                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
          OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
                                           .
CLARKE, THERESA                                Date       Book   Page   Type       Price Grantor
                                               01/13/2026 9922   1214   QI       525,933 CAMPBELL, TIFFANY A
CLARKE, MICHAEL
                                               05/27/2022 9620   1445   QI       510,000 COMPAGNA, MATTHEW L
107 BRANCH ROAD                                01/18/2012 8388   2242   QI       203,333 MACNEILL, RICHARD M
                                               05/01/1987 3988   124    QV        20,300 UNKNOWN
WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                   NOTES
06/30/26 DMVM V-SALE                           BLUE; 106/41 BEACH; PELLET STOVE; 2/14 NOH; PU SHED & DEK; DNPU
02/21/23 DMVE                                  PORT ELEV=NV; DNPU HANDICAP LIFT;10/18 NOH; P/U SHED & PAT & PVD
11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION           DRWY; 1/19; PU GEN; 2/23 ADDED MINI SPLITS=AC; 6/26 ALL INFO FROM
01/14/19 DMPR                                  HO, DNVI, CORR PAT & GAZEBO SIZE, DNPU M-GAZEBO, NOTHING INCL IN
10/18/18 DMVM MARKED FOR INSPECTION            SALE;
04/23/14  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
02/10/14 DMPM
04/12/12 DMPL

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                           MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond      Market Value Notes
GAZEBO                              276     1 x 276         118   15.00   80             3,908 10X12 & 12X13           WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
PATIO                               200     10 x 20         140    7.00   80             1,568 ATT
                                                                                          5,500
                                                                                                                            PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                     Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                     2024      $ 212,100     $ 5,500      $ 160,100
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 377,700
                                                                                                                     2025      $ 212,100     $ 5,500      $ 160,100
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 377,700
                                                                                                                     2026      $ 325,900     $ 5,500      $ 188,500
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 519,900


                                                LAND VALUATION                                                                  LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                  Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: DIRT/GRAVEL
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography               Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES WTR ACS              0.690 ac    147,600 C   80    100    95  100 90 -- ROLLING             100     101,000     0 N    101,000
LAKE HORACE                10.000 wf BRANCH RD BEACH 1/17, MAIN BODY     100 -- LEVEL W            100      87,500     0       87,500 WF
                            0.690 ac                                                                      188,500            188,500




                                                                              PAGE 120
Map: 000106   Lot: 000008   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1                 107 BRANCH ROAD                          WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                         TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   CLARKE, THERESA                           District        Percentage     Model: 1.50 STORY CAPE
                                   CLARKE, MICHAEL                                                           Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   107 BRANCH ROAD                                                             Ext: PREFAB WD PNL
                                                                                                                Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                          Floor: HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:   2,186                                                Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                                 Bedrooms: 4           Baths: 2.0         Fixtures: 6
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type          Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   07/26/22 MP07-318-22 MECHANICAL            DAIKIN 3 ZONE HTR/AC UNIT       A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators: 1
                                   07/26/22 EL07-319-22 ELECTRICAL            1-MINI SPLIT WIRING          Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                   07/26/22 MP07-318-22 MECHANICAL            I AC UNIT/DAIKIN 3 ZONE Com. Wall:
                                   10/15/18 EL-10-566-18 ELECTRICAL           GENERATOR 14KW LPG
                                   05/31/13 BP-05-192-1 SHED                  SHED 12'X10'               Size Adj: 1.0050                Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   04/10/13 BP-04-92-13 DECK                  DECK 32'X12' , EXTEND DECK 4'X4', STAIRS                  Bldg. Rate:         1.1273
                                   11/21/11 MC-11-598-1 MECHANICAL            OIL BOILER                                             Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 180.36
                                                                                                                  BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                            ID       Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                            CTH    CATHEDRAL                 195     0.10      20
                                                                                                            FFF    FST FLR FIN              1260     1.00   1260
                                                                                                            TQF    3/4 STRY FIN              705     0.75    529
                                                                                                            BMU    BSMNT                     255     0.15      38
                                                                                                            VLT    VAULTED                   192     0.05      10
                                                                                                            DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE             468     0.10      47
                                                                                                            BMG    BASEMENT                  390     0.20      78
                                                                                                            BMF    BSMNT FINISHED            255     0.30      77
                                                                                                            CRL    CRAWL SPACE               360     0.05      18
                                                                                                            GLA:    1,789                  4,080           2,077




                                                                                                                2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                                 Market Cost New:           $ 374,608
                                                                                                                        Year Built:              1989
                                                                                                                Condition For Age:  GOOD        13 %
                                                                                                                          Physical:
                                                                                                                       Functional:
                                                                                                                        Economic:
                                                                                                                       Temporary:
                                                                                                                Total Depreciation:             13 %

                                                                                                                   Building Value:                    $ 325,900
                                                                PAGE 121
Map: 000106         Lot: 000012        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1                 127 BRANCH ROAD                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
DAMICO SR, JOHN L                           Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            07/07/2025 9869   1042   QI         549,900 HURLBURT FAMILY REVOC
DAMICO, PATRICIA A
                                            03/10/2025 9840   1458   U I 38           1 HALLEE, SUSAN M
127 BRANCH ROAD                             09/04/2009 8131   2942   U I 38             RAINEY, LLOYD/PATRICIA
                                            01/08/2009 8044   2188   U I 37     178,533 MASTR ADJUSTABLE RATE
WEARE, NH 03281                             04/08/2008 7968   1921   U I 51     216,000 FACE, C FORECLOSE
            LISTING HISTORY                                                  NOTES
05/04/26 DMPM                               BEIGE, "CO" 10/92; SOLD W/106-41; BMF HAS CARPET, HEAT & FINISH
10/14/25 RWVM V-SALE                        DRYWALL HAS 3RD BDRM NO CLOSET DNPU; 08 FORECLOSURE BOTH
06/22/23 DMVE                               LOTS; 1/17 INT IN 106/41 BEACH; 5/14 NOH; NC TO EXT; 10/18 ALL INFO
11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        FROM H/O (MRS) DNVI; 6/23; HO OPT OUT=EST; 10/25; INFO @ DOOR; EXT
10/18/18 DMVM MARKED FOR INSPECTION         COND STILL GD; GAZEBO ON PAT & PVD DW; 5/26; PU DEK, NDS RAIL, HAS
05/08/14 DMVM                               RUBBER DOWN USED AS CPT;
04/23/14  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
03/04/09 DMVM

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                      1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500 INSERT                  WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
PATIO                               576     36 x 16          88     7.00   50          1,774 EST/SHAPE
GAZEBO                              168     14 x 12         155    15.00   60          2,344 ON PAT
                                                                                        9,600                             PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                   Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2024      $ 188,300     $ 6,100      $ 157,100
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 351,500
                                                                                                                   2025      $ 188,300     $ 6,100      $ 157,100
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 351,500
                                                                                                                   2026      $ 335,600     $ 9,600      $ 190,100
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 535,300


                                                LAND VALUATION                                                                LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: DIRT/GRAVEL
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography             Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES WTR ACS              0.750 ac    150,000 C   80    100    95  100 90 -- ROLLING           100     102,600     0 N    102,600
LAKE HORACE                10.000 wf BRANCH RD BEACH 1/17, MAIN BODY     100 -- LEVEL W          100      87,500     0       87,500 WF
                            0.750 ac                                                                     190,100           190,100




                                                                            PAGE 122
Map: 000106   Lot: 000012   Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1                127 BRANCH ROAD                    WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                             OWNER                        TAXABLE DISTRICTS                      BUILDING DETAILS
                                   DAMICO SR, JOHN L                         District    Percentage      Model: 1.50 STORY CONVENTION
                                   DAMICO, PATRICIA A                                                      Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   127 BRANCH ROAD                                                          Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                             Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                        Floor: HARDWOOD/HARD TILE
                                      Account Number:   2,563                                              Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 2          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures: 8
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type           Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   09/10/25 BP09-450-25 DECK                  21X28 DECK,CARPORT           A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators:
                                                                                                        Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                                                                                      Com. Wall:
                                                                                                       Size Adj: 0.9815               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                     Bldg. Rate:         1.1009
                                                                                                                                  Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 176.15
                                                                                                               BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                      ID       Description           Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                      HSF    1/2 STRY FIN               816     0.50    408
                                                                                                      FFF    FST FLR FIN               1008     1.00   1008
                                                                                                      RBF    RAISED BSMNT               880     0.75    660
                                                                                                      BMF    BSMNT FINISHED             128     0.30      38
                                                                                                      DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE              373     0.10      37
                                                                                                      VLT    VAULTED                    192     0.05      10
                                                                                                      CPT    CARPORT                    294     0.10      29
                                                                                                      GLA:    1,416                   3,691           2,190




                                                                                                         2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                          Market Cost New:           $ 385,769
                                                                                                                 Year Built:              1989
                                                                                                         Condition For Age:  GOOD        13 %
                                                                                                                   Physical:
                                                                                                                Functional:
                                                                                                                 Economic:
                                                                                                                Temporary:
                                                                                                         Total Depreciation:             13 %

                                                                                                             Building Value:                      $ 335,600
                                                                PAGE 123
Map: 000106         Lot: 000015        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1                 149 BRANCH ROAD                   WEARE             Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                             PICTURE
MOSELEY, STEVEN                             Date       Book   Page    Type        Price Grantor
                                            09/10/2025 9887   1776    QI        260,000 MEYERS, EDWARD A
                                            11/18/2022 9667   2252    QI        227,000 ROSM REV TRUST
96 SOUTH STREET #1                          05/06/2020 9290   1821   U V 35           1 WEARE, TOWN OF
                                            07/24/2018 9093   1343   U V 35             ROSM REVOCABLE
BOSTON, MA 02111                            07/31/2006 7714   2130   U I 44             LEBLANC, ROGER
            LISTING HISTORY                                                  NOTES
10/14/25 RWVM V-SALE                        TAN; GAR = LACKS EXT SIDING ON REAR. NO FIN LIVING SPC /WELL
06/21/23 DMVL                               /SEPTIC;1/17 INT IN 106/41 BEACH; 10/18 N/C TO EXT; SOME EXT ROTT,
11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        LACKS SOME SIDING; HAS PRE FAB METAL ROOF; 6/23; NOH; NC TO EXT;
10/18/18 DMVL MARKED FOR INSPECTION         10/25; NOH; NC REAR SIDING; GAR DOORS ROTTING @ BOTTOM; GAR
05/08/14 DMVL                               SHOULD BE SKETCHED IF UFU IS FINISHED AND PLUMBING ADDED
04/23/14  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
05/26/11 DMVL
08/15/06 CMHC

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                       MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate   Cond     Market Value Notes
GARAGE-2 STY/BSMT                  1,352    52 x 26          72   71.00 100           69,114 MTL ROOF/UFU         WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
                                                                                       69,100

                                                                                                                        PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                 Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                 2024              $0    $ 74,000      $ 153,100
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 227,100
                                                                                                                 2025              $0    $ 74,000      $ 153,100
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 227,100
                                                                                                                 2026              $0    $ 69,100      $ 169,900
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 239,000


                                                LAND VALUATION                                                        LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                      Site: UNDEVELOPED CLEARED Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: DIRT/GRAVEL
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography         Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES WTR ACS              0.730 ac    149,200 C   80     85    95  95  90 -- ROLLING       100     82,400   0 N    82,400
LAKE HORACE                10.000 wf BRANCH RD BEACH 1/17, MAIN BODY     100 -- LEVEL W      100     87,500   0      87,500 WF
                            0.730 ac                                                                   169,900           169,900




                                                                            PAGE 124
Map: 000106   Lot: 000015   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1                 149 BRANCH ROAD                    WEARE                   Printed:   08/11/2026
              PICTURE                             OWNER                        TAXABLE DISTRICTS                       BUILDING DETAILS
                                   MOSELEY, STEVEN                           District    Percentage      Model:
                                                                                                          Roof:
                                   96 SOUTH STREET #1                                                       Ext:
                                                                                                            Int:
                                   BOSTON, MA 02111                                                       Floor:
                                      Account Number:   2,562                                              Heat:
                                                                PERMITS                               Bedrooms:              Baths:         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type          Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:       Fireplaces:
                                   05/29/03 EL-05-206-03 ELECTRICAL           ELECTRICAL                    A/C:                          Generators:
                                   09/05/02 BP-09-531-0 RENEWAL               BARN RENEWAL              Quality:
                                   09/11/01 BP-09-585-0 RENEWAL               BARN RENEWAL            Com. Wall:
                                   09/18/00 BP-09-558-0 RENEWAL               BARN RENEWAL
                                   07/20/98 BP-08-162-9 BARN                  BARN 26X52                 Stories:

                                                                                                                              Base Type:
                                                                                                               BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS




                                                                                                         2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION

                                                                                                                 Year Built:
                                                                                                         Condition For Age:                             %
                                                                                                                   Physical:
                                                                                                                Functional:
                                                                                                                 Economic:
                                                                                                                Temporary:
                                                                                                                                                        %



                                                                PAGE 125
Map: 000107      Lot: 000031        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1           57 ABIJAH BRIDGE ROAD                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                             SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
ST LOUIS, ANDREW                         Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                         07/02/2025 9868   1153   QI         464,000 VINNACOMBE, ANDREW M
                                         09/12/2022 9650   2486   U I 39           1 VINNACOMBE, ANDREW M
57 ABIJAH BRIDGE ROAD                    07/02/2018 9086   2483   QI         217,333 ANDERSON, WILLIAM C JR
                                         02/29/2012 8401   0728   U I 37     135,000 FANNIE MAE AKA
WEARE, NH 03281                          09/02/2011 8346   2067   U I 51     185,919 BRUNELLE, JAMES B
            LISTING HISTORY                                              NOTES
10/14/25 RWVM V-SALE                     GRY; 2/09 PART GAS FP IN RBF-DNPU; 10/18 NOH; VINYL WINDOWS; 1/19;
07/13/23 DMVM                            NC; NEW DEK IN 2017; 7/23; NOH; PU SHED UNDER DEK; 10/25; INFO PER
11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION     HO; EXT COND=GD;
01/14/19 DMPR
10/22/18 DMVM MARKED FOR INSPECTION
05/16/14 DMVM
04/23/14  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
09/19/11 LMHC

                                      EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                    Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate   Cond     Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                        200     20 x 10         140   17.00 100            4,760 UNDER DEK              WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
                                                                                    4,800

                                                                                                                       PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                2024      $ 156,500     $ 2,800       $ 92,300
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 251,600
                                                                                                                2025      $ 156,500     $ 2,800       $ 92,300
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 251,600
                                                                                                                2026      $ 264,800     $ 4,800      $ 157,100
                                                                                                                                      Parcel Total: $ 426,700


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                               LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                            Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography              Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  0.790 ac    150,325 F  110   100  100     100 95 -- MILD             100     157,100  0 N      157,100
                         0.790 ac                                                                     157,100           157,100




                                                                         PAGE 126
Map: 000107   Lot: 000031   Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1           57 ABIJAH BRIDGE ROAD                       WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                             OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   ST LOUIS, ANDREW                        District        Percentage    Model: 1.00 STORY RANCH
                                                                                                           Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   57 ABIJAH BRIDGE ROAD                                                    Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                             Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                        Floor: HARDWOOD/LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number:   767                                                Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 1.0         Fixtures: 3
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type         Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   05/04/18 BP-05-178-1 DECK                DECK 40'X12' "AFTER THE FACT" A/C: No                          Generators:
                                                                                                        Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                                                                                      Com. Wall:
                                                                                                       Size Adj: 1.1729               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                     Bldg. Rate:         1.2257
                                                                                                                                  Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 196.11
                                                                                                               BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                         ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                         FFF     FST FLR FIN              948     1.00    948
                                                                                                         RBU     RAISED BSMNT             308     0.25      77
                                                                                                         RBF     RAISED BSMNT             572     0.75    429
                                                                                                         ENT     ENTRY WAY                 24     0.10       2
                                                                                                         DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE            608     0.10      61
                                                                                                         GLA:     948                   2,460           1,517




                                                                                                             2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                              Market Cost New:            $ 297,499
                                                                                                                     Year Built:               1987
                                                                                                             Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     11 %
                                                                                                                       Physical:
                                                                                                                    Functional:
                                                                                                                     Economic:
                                                                                                                    Temporary:
                                                                                                             Total Depreciation:              11 %

                                                                                                                 Building Value:                   $ 264,800
                                                                PAGE 127
Map: 000107         Lot: 000064        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1                 19 BEAL ROAD                         WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
WELDON FAMILY TRUST                         Date       Book   Page    Type        Price Grantor
                                            04/09/2025 9846   2399    QI        593,000 OTT, RODICA THERESA
WELDON, LINDA MARIE & JOHN PIUS TRUSTE
                                            02/03/2020 9258   2244    QI        260,000 NODWELL, LISA J
65 COW HILL ROAD                            09/15/2010 8240   2204    QI        195,000 GUALCO, CLAUDIO G & KA
                                            11/01/1999 6175   1413   U I 18      93,500 GUEVIN, DAN/BONNIE
BARTLETT, NH 03812                          05/27/1997 5815   1352   U V 18      55,000 KIMBALL/WOOD
            LISTING HISTORY                                                  NOTES
01/20/26 DMPR                               YELLOW; SHALLOW; WINTERIZED, NEW KIT; SOLD W/107-65; 2001
10/14/25 RWVM V-SALE                        REPLACED SEPTIC SYSTEM; 12/03 MERGED W/107-65; 1/07; WF= SLOPE TO
07/25/23 DMVM                               NAT WF/ RET WALLS/ TIERED; DW=GRASS; 5/14 NOH; PU LN-TO, SHED,
11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        DECK & CHANGED ROOF COVER; 10X12 DECK ATT TO OTHER DEK BY
01/20/21 DMPR                               STAIRS; WELL MAINT; 1/21; PU GEN; 7/23; NOH; AC=MINI SPLITS; EXT=GD;
10/19/18 DMVE MARKED FOR INSPECTION         10/25; EXT COND STILL GD; 1/26; NOH; UPGRADED ELEC SERV;
05/27/14 DMVM
04/23/14  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                          MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond    Market Value Notes
DECK                                272     16 x 17         119    7.00   60           1,359 @ WTR                   WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
LEAN-TO                              33      3 x 11         400    4.00 100              528 ATT TO HSE
SHED-WOOD                            96      8 x 12         227   17.00 100            3,705
DECK                                120     1 x 120         193    7.00   80           1,297 EST/SHAPE                     PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                       6,900                        Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                    2024      $ 119,000     $ 5,400      $ 149,600
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 274,000
                                                                                                                    2025      $ 138,600     $ 5,400      $ 167,900
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 311,900
                                                                                                                    2026      $ 230,400     $ 6,900      $ 320,100
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 557,400


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                            LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                       Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: DIRT/GRAVEL
Land Type                    Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography            Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES WTRFRNT               0.440 ac    137,600 D   90   100    95  95  90 -- ROLLING          100     100,600  0 N     100,600
LAKE HORACE                202.000 wf NATURAL IMPR LOT, CHANNEL NARROW 95 -- MILD W             100     219,500  0       219,500 202'
                            0.440 ac                                                                      320,100           320,100




                                                                            PAGE 128
Map: 000107   Lot: 000064   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1               19 BEAL ROAD                           WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                     TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   WELDON FAMILY TRUST                   District        Percentage    Model: 1.00 STORY CONV. CAMP
                                   WELDON, LINDA MARIE & JOHN PIUS TRU                                  Roof: GABLE OR HIP/STANDING SEAM
                                   65 COW HILL ROAD                                                       Ext: CEDAR/REDWD
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   BARTLETT, NH 03812                                                   Floor: PINE/SOFT WD
                                      Account Number:   293                                              Heat: ELECTRIC/HEAT PUMP
                                                               PERMITS                              Bedrooms: 2          Baths: 1.0         Fixtures: 3
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type      Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   04/18/25 EL04-160-25 ELECTRICAL        SVC UPGRADE METER              A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators: 1
                                   05/14/21 MC-05-171-2 MECHANICAL        (2) LPG TANKS 120 GAL       Quality: A0 AVG
                                   10/30/20 EL-10-347-20 ELECTRICAL       UP-GRADE SERVICE 200 AMPCom. Wall:
                                   10/30/20 EL-10-347-20 ELECTRICAL       GENERATOR 14KW
                                   08/02/10 SR-08-435-10 SEPTIC           SEPTIC REVIEW              Size Adj: 1.2703               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   05/31/06 BP-05-330-0 RENEWAL           DECK 16X38 & ROOF RENEWAL                                Bldg. Rate:         1.3719
                                   05/04/04 BP-04-207-0 DECK              16X38 DECK, 10 NO ROOF/28                             Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 219.51
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                       ID        Description         Area    Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                       FFF     FST FLR FIN              704 1.00     704
                                                                                                       RBF     RAISED BSMNT             560 0.75     420
                                                                                                       PRS     PIER                     144 -0.05      -7
                                                                                                       DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE            896 0.10       90
                                                                                                       OPF     OPEN PORCH               420 0.25     105
                                                                                                       GLA:     704                   2,724        1,312




                                                                                                           2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                            Market Cost New:           $ 287,997
                                                                                                                   Year Built:              1950
                                                                                                           Condition For Age:  GOOD        20 %
                                                                                                                     Physical:
                                                                                                                  Functional:
                                                                                                                   Economic:
                                                                                                                  Temporary:
                                                                                                           Total Depreciation:             20 %

                                                                                                               Building Value:                   $ 230,400
                                                              PAGE 129
Map: 000109       Lot: 000053          Sub: 00002B          Card: 1 of 1            139B OLD TOWN ROAD                      WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
PATEL, PANKAJKUMAR                          Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            11/12/2025 9905   1660   QI         375,000 KOTRADY, CHAD M &
PATEL, HINAL
                                            07/19/2022 9635   2181   QI         330,000 EARNSHAW, KIMBERLY A
35 COLLINS LANDING ROAD UNIT 33             04/19/2019 9160   2712   QI         214,000 DUMAIS JR., ROGER G&
                                            03/17/2016 8838   1449   QI         129,933 KALI'S CONCORD
WEARE, NH 03281                             09/03/2015 8787   0965   U I 89      65,133 IREALTY INVESTMENTS
            LISTING HISTORY                                               NOTES
02/11/26 DMVM V-SALE                        CREAM;CONDEX APPROVED 3/98; 1.95 TOTAL ACRES IN COMMON
02/19/20 DMPR                               W/109-53.2A;2006=WF=INLET QUALITY, SHALLOW WF; 11/15 ALL INFO FR
04/03/18 DMVM                               NEIGHBOR; GRANITE CTOPS W/OAK CABINETS IN KIT; NEW FLRNG, DEK &
05/02/16 ERVM SALE                          ROOF; PU SOLAR 2018 22 PANELS 6.93 KWH; 4/18; NOH; PU SOLAR PANEL;
11/17/15 DMVM                               EXT=GOOD; 2/20; NEW OIL BOILER IN 2019; 2/26; NOH; NC TO EXT;
12/09/09 DMVM
01/23/07 DLPO
04/27/06 JDRM

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                          MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj   Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
OLD TOWN ROAD                          1                    100 127,000.00 100        127,000                         WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                            96      8 x 12         227      17.00   80          2,964
SOLAR ELECT PANEL                    22                     100     400.00   85          7,480 ROOF/2017
                                                                                      137,400                              PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                    Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                    2024      $ 141,900   $ 100,500            $0
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 242,400
                                                                                                                    2025      $ 141,900   $ 100,500            $0
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 242,400
                                                                                                                    2026      $ 237,700   $ 137,400            $0
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 375,100


                                              LAND VALUATION                                                                  LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                   Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type 1F RES WTRFRNT       Neighborhood: F                                                   Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes

                                0 ac




                                                                             PAGE 130
Map: 000109   Lot: 000053   Sub: 00002B       Card: 1 of 1            139B OLD TOWN ROAD                          WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   PATEL, PANKAJKUMAR                      District        Percentage     Model: 2.00 STORY CONDEX
                                   PATEL, HINAL                                                            Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   35 COLLINS LANDING ROAD UNIT 33                                           Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                              Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                         Floor: CARPET
                                      Account Number:   4,700                                               Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 3           Baths: 1.5         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type         Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   02/26/19 MC-02-101-1 MECHANICAL          REPLACE OIL BOILER              A/C: No                         Generators:
                                   03/21/17 BP-03-122-1 SOLAR ARRAY         22 PANELS 6.93KW ROOF MOUNT  Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                   12/06/06 BP-12-795-0 MISCELLANEOUS       BP-12-795-06;SHED 8X12;SHED 8 XWall:
                                                                                                      Com.  12 CLOSED PERMIT
                                                                                                        Size Adj: 1.2675               Base Rate: RCD 160.00
                                                                                                                                      Bldg. Rate:         1.3117
                                                                                                                                   Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 209.87
                                                                                                                BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                          ID       Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                          ENT    ENTRY WAY                  16     0.10       2
                                                                                                          UFF    UPPER FLR FIN             624     1.00    624
                                                                                                          FFF    FST FLR FIN               576     1.00    576
                                                                                                          BMG    BASEMENT                  288     0.20      58
                                                                                                          BMU    BSMNT                     288     0.15      43
                                                                                                          DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE             144     0.10      14
                                                                                                          GLA:    1,200                  1,936           1,317




                                                                                                              2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                               Market Cost New:           $ 276,399
                                                                                                                      Year Built:              1997
                                                                                                              Condition For Age:  GOOD        12 %
                                                                                                                        Physical:
                                                                                                                     Functional:   CW           2%
                                                                                                                      Economic:
                                                                                                                     Temporary:
                                                                                                              Total Depreciation:             14 %

                                                                                                                 Building Value:                    $ 237,700
                                                                PAGE 131
Map: 000110         Lot: 000009        Sub: 000001        Card: 1 of 1             23 OLD TOWN ROAD                        WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                              SALES HISTORY                                                 PICTURE
SNYDER, RANDY L                             Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            11/18/2025 9904 2575   QI         625,000 HEBERT FSMILY REVOC
SNYDER, BEVERLY JO
                                            06/15/2021 9483 2206   U I 38           1 HEBERT, DANIEL W
11 CHESTERFIELD PLACE                       06/24/1994 5558 707    QI         109,500

BEDFORD, NH 03110
           LISTING HISTORY                                                  NOTES
02/11/26 DMVM V-SALE                        TAN; CONVENTIONAL LAYOUT; DEEDED WTR ACC TO DANIELS LAKE; 3/17
03/28/25 DMPM                               PU AC=HEAT PUMP; 1/19; NOH; PU OPF; 1/22; PU PAT & CORR'D DEK;3/23;
03/01/24 KOPR                               NOH; PU GAZEBO EST DUE TO SNOW/FENCE; 3/24; PU GEN & EPF; DNPU
04/18/23 DMPR                               HOT TUB; 3/25; PU SHED; 2/26; NOH; CHNGD EPF TO FFF; EPF HAS MONITOR
03/03/23 DMPM                               HEATER=FFF; BMF EST FROM MLS
01/14/22 DMPM
01/15/19 DMVM
03/27/17 DMPR

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                           120     10 x 12         193   17.00   60          2,362                         WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
PATIO                               427     1 x 427          97    7.00 100           2,899 18X18/2X14/5X15
GAZEBO                              168     12 x 14         155   15.00 100           3,906
SHED-WOOD                           252     18 x 14         123   17.00 100           5,269 @ DRWY                        PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                     14,400                        Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2024      $ 236,200     $ 7,400      $ 120,900
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 364,500
                                                                                                                   2025      $ 236,200    $ 10,500      $ 120,900
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 367,600
                                                                                                                   2026      $ 410,000    $ 14,400      $ 215,700
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 640,100


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                                 LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                          Site: GOOD Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography           Cond Ad Valorem SPI R       Tax Value Notes
1F RES WTR ACS              1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   105    100 100 100 -- LEVEL          100     184,300  0 N          184,300
1F RES WTR ACS              0.210 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  100 -- LEVEL          100         800  0 N              800
DANIELS LAKE               10.000 wf WATER ACCESS, MAIN BODY             100 -- LEVEL W        100      30,600  0             30,600 WA WF/DL
                            2.140 ac                                                                   215,700             215,700




                                                                          PAGE 132
Map: 000110   Lot: 000009   Sub: 000001       Card: 1 of 1             23 OLD TOWN ROAD                     WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                      BUILDING DETAILS
                                   SNYDER, RANDY L                         District    Percentage      Model: 2.00 STORY COLONIAL
                                   SNYDER, BEVERLY JO                                                    Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   11 CHESTERFIELD PLACE                                                  Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   BEDFORD, NH 03110                                                    Floor: CARPET/HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:   4,465                                            Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                             Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type         Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   03/20/24 BP03-74-24 SHED                 14X18 SHED                   A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators: 1
                                   05/24/23 MP05-247-23 MECHANICAL          500 AG TANK               Quality: A2 AVG+20
                                   05/16/23 EL05-225-23 ELECTRICAL          LITS,OUTLET, PORCH      Com. Wall:
                                   05/15/23 MP05-223-23 MECHANICAL          50' GAS PIPING
                                   05/15/23 EL05-222-23 ELECTRICAL          ELEC FOR GENERATOR       Size Adj: 0.9119               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   03/30/23 BP04-148-23 PORCH               16X14 3 SEASN PORCH                                    Bldg. Rate:         1.1153
                                   07/11/22 BP07-276-22 BUILDING PERMIT     12X14 GAZEBO                                        Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 178.45
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                    ID       Description           Area    Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                    UFF    UPPER FLR FIN              842 1.00     842
                                                                                                    FFF    FST FLR FIN               1114 1.00    1114
                                                                                                    TQU    3/4 STRY UNFIN             552 0.25     138
                                                                                                    OPF    OPEN PORCH                 238 0.25       60
                                                                                                    DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE              112 0.10       11
                                                                                                    BMF    BSMNT FINISHED             600 0.30     180
                                                                                                    BMU    BSMNT                      216 0.15       32
                                                                                                    GAR    GARAGE                     552 0.45     248
                                                                                                    PRS    PIER                       272 -0.05     -14
                                                                                                    GLA:    1,956                   4,498        2,611




                                                                                                       2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                        Market Cost New:           $ 465,933
                                                                                                               Year Built:              1994
                                                                                                       Condition For Age:  GOOD        12 %
                                                                                                                 Physical:
                                                                                                              Functional:
                                                                                                               Economic:
                                                                                                              Temporary:
                                                                                                       Total Depreciation:             12 %

                                                                                                           Building Value:                      $ 410,000
                                                                PAGE 133
Map: 000110         Lot: 000077        Sub: 000012         Card: 1 of 1                 62 HILBREN RD                      WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                             SALES HISTORY                                                 PICTURE
KOTRADY, CHAD                               Date       Book Page    Type       Price Grantor
                                            11/17/2025 9906 1562    QI       529,900 MAY, JENNIFER T
                                            07/30/2015 8774 0697    QI       256,000 HIGH ROCK DEVELOPMENT
62 HILBREN ROAD


WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                NOTES
02/11/26 DMVM V-SALES                       GRY;EFF 04/01/10 LOT SUBDIV PLAN#36637, 11/15 NOH; PU NEW HSE EST
07/13/22 DMVE                               INT & HSE 100% COMP; 3/17 PU SOLAR PANELS;4/18 ADDED DEEDED BCH
01/05/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        RIGHTS PER INFO OF ANOTHER/DEEDS/PLANS; 2/26; ALL INFO FROM HO
07/29/21 CRHC                               DNVI; SOME PELLETS INCL IN SALE; NC'S;
03/28/17 DMPR
11/23/15 DMPM
11/17/15  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
04/01/10 LMSL ADD NEW LOT

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj  Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
HILBREN ROAD                           1                    100 20,000.00 100          20,000                       WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SOLAR ELECT PANEL                    33                     100    400.00   85         11,220 ROOF '16
SHED-WOOD                            96      8 x 12         227     17.00   80          2,964
                                                                                       34,200                             PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                   Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2024      $ 239,200    $ 41,400      $ 117,600
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 398,200
                                                                                                                   2025      $ 239,200    $ 41,400      $ 117,600
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 398,200
                                                                                                                   2026      $ 374,500    $ 34,200      $ 154,800
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 563,500


                                                LAND VALUATION                                                               LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                    Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography             Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES WTR ACS              1.530 ac    156,345 F  110    100    100 100 90 -- ROLLING           100     154,800  0 N      154,800
                            1.530 ac                                                                     154,800           154,800




                                                                            PAGE 134
Map: 000110   Lot: 000077   Sub: 000012       Card: 1 of 1               62 HILBREN RD                           WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   KOTRADY, CHAD                          District        Percentage     Model: 2.00 STORY COLONIAL
                                                                                                          Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   62 HILBREN ROAD                                                          Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                             Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                        Floor: LAMINATE/VINYL/CARPET
                                      Account Number:                                                      Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                              PERMITS                                Bedrooms: 3           Baths: 2.5         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type       Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   08/24/16 BP-08-442-1 SOLAR ARRAY        33 PANEL ROOF MOUNTED 8.58KWA/C: Yes 100.00 %                   Generators:
                                   07/13/15 MC-15-07-28 MECHANICAL         GAS PIPING ONLY MC-07-282-15Quality: A2 AVG+20
                                   06/16/15 MC-06-212-1 MECHANICAL         SPRINKLER SYSTEM MC-06-212-15
                                                                                                     Com. Wall:
                                   06/10/15 EL-06-205-15 ELECTRICAL        ELECTRICAL SFH EL-06-205-15
                                   06/04/15 MC-05-177-1 MECHANICAL                                     Size Adj: 1.0015
                                                                           TANK 500 GAL LPG MC-05-177-15                              Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   06/04/15 MC-06-193-1 MECHANICAL         FURNACE & A/C UNIT MC-06-193-15                           Bldg. Rate:         1.1895
                                   06/03/15 PL-06-187-15 PLUMBING          PLUMBING SFH PL-06-187-15                              Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 190.33
                                                                                                               BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                         ID       Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                         DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE             144     0.10      14
                                                                                                         UFF    UPPER FLR FIN             952     1.00    952
                                                                                                         FFF    FST FLR FIN               952     1.00    952
                                                                                                         BMG    BASEMENT                  588     0.20    118
                                                                                                         ENT    ENTRY WAY                  20     0.10       2
                                                                                                         BMU    BSMNT                     364     0.15      55
                                                                                                         GLA:    1,904                  3,020           2,093




                                                                                                             2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                              Market Cost New:           $ 398,361
                                                                                                                     Year Built:              2015
                                                                                                             Condition For Age:  GOOD          6%
                                                                                                                       Physical:
                                                                                                                    Functional:
                                                                                                                     Economic:
                                                                                                                    Temporary:
                                                                                                             Total Depreciation:               6%

                                                                                                                Building Value:                    $ 374,500
                                                              PAGE 135
Map: 000201       Lot: 000003         Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1            114 RESERVOIR DRIVE                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                             SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
ELLIS, SHARON                              Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                           11/10/2025 9905 267    QI         475,000 WHITE, VIRGINIA
CASSAVAUGH, HOLLY
                                           06/25/2019 9181 1072   U I 21     289,933 LEONI, KIRK B& JUDITH A
CASSAVAUGH, TESSA
114 RESERVOIR DRIVE
WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                NOTES
02/12/26 DMVM V-SALE                       BEIGE; FPL-1 NOT USABLE; INT GD COND; 6/8; NOH; BMU MEAS=EST;PU
02/27/23 DMVM                              SHED; 6/14 DNPU LOFT=LADDER ACC; CORR'D CTH; NEW FURN IN 2014;
11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION       DRT FLR; 4/18; NOH; PU SOLAR; 4/19; NC TO HOME OR XFOBS; 2/26; NOH;
04/18/19 ZBVL                              WELL MAINT; NEW WIND; EST BACK OF HSE DUE FENCE/SNOW; PU LNTO;
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION       7/26 GRANITE CTOPS, EXP BEAMS
04/05/18 DMPR
06/18/14 DMVL
04/23/14  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                        EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                      Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 2-STAND                     1                    100 7,500.00 100           7,500                       WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                     1                    100 5,500.00   50          2,750 INOP
BARN-2STRY                         528     33 x 16          90    35.00   50          8,316 ATT 25X14
BARN-1STRY                         350     25 x 14         106    27.00   90          9,015 ATT HSE/HEATED              PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
PATIO                              160      20 x 8         160     7.00   60          1,075 BRICK/EST SHAPE
                                                                                                                 Year       Building  Features    Land
LEAN-TO                            180     15 x 12         149     4.00   40            429 ATT BARN
SHED-WOOD                           60      10 x 6         327    17.00   80          2,668 ATT BARN             2024      $ 180,900    $ 32,600       $ 98,700
SOLAR ELECT PANEL                   18                     100   400.00   85          6,120 ROOF/2017                                   Parcel Total: $ 312,200
SHED-WOOD                           96      12 x 8         227    17.00   60          2,223 COOP/ATT TO 20X12    2025      $ 180,900    $ 32,600       $ 98,700
LEAN-TO                            240     20 x 12         127     4.00 100           1,219 EST/FENCE                                   Parcel Total: $ 312,200
                                                                                     41,300                      2026      $ 269,900    $ 41,300      $ 157,900
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 469,100


                                                LAND VALUATION                                                             LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: VILLAGE   Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 250                                                       Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography            Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      0.890 ac    151,138 F  110   100  100   100 95 -- MILD             100     157,900  0 N      157,900
                           0.890 ac                                                                   157,900            157,900




                                                                          PAGE 136
Map: 000201   Lot: 000003   Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1            114 RESERVOIR DRIVE                        WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                             OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   ELLIS, SHARON                           District        Percentage     Model: 2.00 STORY COLONIAL
                                   CASSAVAUGH, HOLLY                                                       Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   CASSAVAUGH, TESSA                                                         Ext: CLAP BOARD
                                   114 RESERVOIR DRIVE                                                        Int: PLASTERED/DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                         Floor: PINE/SOFT WD
                                        Account Number: 2,039                                               Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                                Bedrooms: 2          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures: 6
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type        Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   10/25/22 BP10-547-22 CHIMNEY             INSTALL PELLET STOVE/CHMNEY A/C: LINER No                       Generators:
                                   06/09/17 BP-06-282-1 SOLAR ARRAY         18 PANELS 5.76KW SOLAR ARRAY     ROOFA2MOUNTED
                                                                                                         Quality:     AVG+20
                                   06/18/14 MC-06-196-1 MECHANICAL          MC-06-196-14REPLACE OIL BOILER    30, 000 BTU'S. PERM
                                                                                                      Com. Wall:
                                   03/18/08 EL-03-97-08 ELECTRICAL          EL-03-97-08;SERVICE UP-GRADE ;ELECTRICAL SERVICE U
                                   09/25/00 SE-09-576-00 SEPTIC             SE-09-576-00;REPLACE SEPTIC Size Adj: 0.9441               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   08/01/00 SR-08-437-00 SEPTIC             SR-08-437-00;SEPTIC REVIEW                                Bldg. Rate:         1.0659
                                   02/20/97 PL-02-01-97 PLUMBING            PL-02-01-97;PLUMBING NO PERMIT IN FILE                 Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 170.54
                                                                                                                BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                          ID       Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                          CTH    CATHEDRAL                 252     0.10      25
                                                                                                          FFF    FST FLR FIN              1531     1.00   1531
                                                                                                          CRL    CRAWL SPACE              1443     0.05      72
                                                                                                          ATF    ATTIC FINISHED            510     0.25    128
                                                                                                          UFF    UPPER FLR FIN             629     1.00    629
                                                                                                          BMU    BSMNT                      88     0.15      13
                                                                                                          GLA:    2,288                  4,453           2,398




                                                                                                              2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                               Market Cost New:           $ 408,955
                                                                                                                      Year Built:              1820
                                                                                                              Condition For Age:  GOOD        34 %
                                                                                                                        Physical:
                                                                                                                     Functional:
                                                                                                                      Economic:
                                                                                                                     Temporary:
                                                                                                              Total Depreciation:             34 %

                                                                                                                 Building Value:                    $ 269,900
                                                                PAGE 137
Map: 000201      Lot: 000039         Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1          119 CONCORD STAGE ROAD                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                              SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
SHAKTI, SHIV REALTY TRUST                 Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                          06/20/2025 9864   2030   QI         720,000 VALHALLA 143, LLC
PATEL, SUHITKUMAR M TRUSTEE
                                          05/27/2014 8662   0433   QI         279,000 CLOW, THOMAS S &
119 CONCORD STAGE ROAD                    07/11/2002 6666   2196   U I 24     197,000 ROTHSCHILD, J

WEARE, NH 03821
            LISTING HISTORY                                              NOTES
12/10/25 RWVM V-SALES                     WHITE; "BLACKBIRD MARKET & DELI"; BACKUP GENRTR; EST SIZE OF
03/13/25 DMPR                             PAV;IG; DNPU 5X8 SHED-E; 4/16 UPGRADED ELEC TO 400 AMP SERV; BACK
02/29/24 KOPR                             OF STORE IS B.BATTEN; STORE REMODELED IN '14; (2) WALL UNITS
08/04/23 DMVL                             W/CONDENSORS FOR AC & HEAT; TQU MEAS 14' & HSU MEAS 17'; 1/2 BTH/2
11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION      FIX=BELOW AVG 4 USE; 5/19; NC; UNABLE TO SEE TQU & HSU; 8/23; DNVI
05/08/19 DMVL                             TQU/HSU; WELL MAINT; FLRS IN FAIR COND;2/24 REPLACE GEN; 3/25; NEW
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION      SEPTIC IN 2025 & SWAP OUT PROPANE TANKS; 12/25; OWNER NOT AVAIL;
04/06/16 DMVL                             NC PER WRKR; NO EXT CHNG, STILL GD COND;
                                       EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                     Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond    Market Value Notes
PAVING                           3,836    1 x 3836         64    3.25   50           3,989 EST/SHAPE              WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
COLD STORAGE                       189     21 x 9          74   65.00   70           6,364 BEER COOLER
COLD STORAGE                        56      8x7            96   65.00   70           2,446 WALKIN FRIDGE
                                                                                     12,800                             PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                 Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                 2024      $ 280,800    $ 10,800       $ 69,800
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 361,400
                                                                                                                 2025      $ 280,800    $ 10,800       $ 69,800
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 361,400
                                                                                                                 2026      $ 471,800    $ 12,800      $ 198,000
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 682,600


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                 LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                              Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
COM/IND                 0.300 ac    132,000 E  100   100  100     100 100 -- LEVEL             150     198,000  0 N      198,000 USE
                          0.300 ac                                                                    198,000            198,000




                                                                          PAGE 138
Map: 000201   Lot: 000039   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1         119 CONCORD STAGE ROAD                       WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                         BUILDING DETAILS
                                   SHAKTI, SHIV REALTY TRUST               District       Percentage  Model: 1.50 STORY STORE
                                   PATEL, SUHITKUMAR M TRUSTEE                                         Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   119 CONCORD STAGE ROAD                                                Ext: VINYL SIDING/BOARD/BATTEN
                                                                                                          Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03821                                                     Floor: LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number:   1,074                                           Heat: OIL/FA DUCTED
                                                                PERMITS                            Bedrooms:            Baths: AVERAGE
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type        Notes                              Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   02/12/25 MP02-67-25 MECHANICAL           SWAP TANKS -4-120 LPG        A/C: Yes 100.00 %              Generators: 1
                                   02/05/25 MP02-60-25 SEPTIC               ECA2025010818            Quality: A0 AVG
                                   11/14/23 MP11-609-23 MECHANICAL          REP. GENERATOR        Com. Wall: WOOD, 12 FT.                             1.0000
                                   11/13/23 EL11-604-23 ELECTRICAL          38 KW GENERATOR
                                   09/02/15 EL-09-407-15 ELECTRICAL                                 Size Adj:
                                                                            ELECTRICAL PANEL UPGRADE TO 400 AMP 1.0058             Base Rate:   CST   170.00
                                   09/04/14 EL-09-356-14 ELECTRICAL         ELECTRICAL UPGRADE SERVICE TO 400 AMP                 Bldg. Rate:         1.0157
                                   06/17/14 MC-06-191-1 ASSEMBLY            ASSEMBLY PERMIT                                    Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 172.66
                                                                                                            BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                        ID       Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                        ENT    ENTRY WAY                 32     0.10       3
                                                                                                        TQU    3/4 STRY UNFIN           864     0.25    216
                                                                                                        FFF    FST FLR FIN             2412     1.00   2412
                                                                                                        SLB    SLAB                    2412     0.00       0
                                                                                                        HSU    1/2 STRY UNFIN          1448     0.15    217
                                                                                                        OFF    OFFICE AREA              100     1.00    100
                                                                                                        GAR    GARAGE                   660     0.45    297
                                                                                                        STO    STORAGE AREA              40     0.20       8
                                                                                                        GLA:    2,512                 7,968           3,253




                                                                                                            2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                             Market Cost New:            $ 561,663
                                                                                                                    Year Built:               1945
                                                                                                            Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     16 %
                                                                                                                      Physical:
                                                                                                                   Functional:
                                                                                                                    Economic:
                                                                                                                   Temporary:
                                                                                                            Total Depreciation:              16 %

                                                                                                               Building Value:                   $ 471,800
                                                                PAGE 139
Map: 000201       Lot: 000043         Sub: 000000         Card: 1 of 1             92 WOODBURY ROAD                            WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                               SALES HISTORY                                                   PICTURE
BERRY HOLDINGS LLC                         Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                           02/05/2026 9927   1232   QI         900,000 WOODBURY ROAD, LLC
                                           12/11/2018 9132   2764   QI         425,000 PELLETIER, MICHAEL J
119 BUZZELL HILL ROAD                      03/04/2016 8835   1639   U I 38           1 PELLETIER, MICHAEL J
                                           02/03/2005 7404   713    U I 45             TECH-BUILT 153 LLA
WEARE, NH 03281                            09/03/2002 6701   1141   U I 77     150,000 SYKES, R&M
            LISTING HISTORY                                                 NOTES
06/30/26 DMVL V-SALE                       "DAYCARE"; 3/11; 2 BTHS=AVG 4 USE COMM; EFF 4/19 2 LOT SUBDIV
02/20/24 DMPR                              PLAN#39976 12/18- BK 9132 PG 2309 GRANT OF LICENSE FOR SOLAR
08/09/23 DMVL                              PANELS BENEFIT OF 201-43-1 (1,200SF); 1/19; DAYCARE GOING IN BMF=(3)
11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION       1/2 BTH; SIDING IS VINYL SHAKES=ABV AVG; 1/21; REPLACED OIL BOILER
01/20/21 DMPR                              IN 2020; 8/23; VU'D BMF ONLY; PU SHED, PAT; (2) 3 FIX & (2) 2 FIX=3 FULL;
01/16/19 DMVM                              CHNGD GAR TO FFU UNABLE TO USE AS GAR; 2/24; NC; 6/26 NC TO DATA,
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION       DAYCARE BUSN INCL INTO SALE;
06/10/14 DMVL

                                        EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                              MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                      Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                     1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500 GAS                         WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
PAVING                            4,950    1 x 4950         63     3.25   60          6,081 EST/SHAPE
SHED-METAL                           70     10 x 7         289     5.00   50            506
SHED-WOOD                           288     12 x 24        116    17.00 100           5,679                                   PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
PATIO                               144     12 x 12        171     7.00   60          1,034
                                                                                                                       Year       Building  Features    Land
FENCE COMMERCIAL/FT                 216                    134    16.00 100           4,631 9 FTX4FT LINKS
                                                                                                                       2024      $ 474,900    $ 18,400      $ 163,000
                                                                                      23,400
                                                                                                                                              Parcel Total: $ 656,300
                                                                                                                       2025      $ 474,900    $ 18,400      $ 163,000
                                                                                                                                              Parcel Total: $ 656,300
                                                                                                                       2026      $ 603,500    $ 23,400      $ 264,700
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 891,600


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                             LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: VILLAGE   Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 250                                                        Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography            Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
COM/IND                     1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100  100   100 100 -- LEVEL           150     263,300  0 N      263,300 USE
COM/IND                     0.360 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  100 -- LEVEL           100       1,400  0 N        1,400
                           2.290 ac                                                                      264,700               264,700




                                                                           PAGE 140
Map: 000201   Lot: 000043   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1            92 WOODBURY ROAD                           WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                          BUILDING DETAILS
                                   BERRY HOLDINGS LLC                      District       Percentage   Model: 1.00 STORY DAYCARE
                                                                                                        Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   119 BUZZELL HILL ROAD                                                  Ext: ABOVE AVG
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                      Floor: LAMINATE/VINYL/HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:   3,207                                            Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                            Bedrooms:             Baths: 3.0         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type        Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   05/10/23 MP05-213-23 CHILD DAY CARE      DAYCARE INSPECTION            A/C: Yes 100.00 %              Generators: 1
                                   07/14/20 MC-07-04-20 MECHANICAL          OIL BOILER                Quality: A0 AVG
                                   02/11/19 MC-02-76-19 MECHANICAL          FIRE ALARMS            Com. Wall: WOOD, 8 FT.                              1.0000
                                   12/12/18 BP-12-696-1 RENOVATIONS         RENOVATE BSMNT TO CHILD DAYCARE
                                   05/04/12 BP-05-201-1 RENEWAL             RE-BUILD BARN RENEW      Size Adj:   0.9408             Base Rate:  CDC    172.00
                                   07/12/11 MC-07-324-1 MECHANICAL          MECHANICAL INSTALL GAS PIPING FOR GEN                  Bldg. Rate:         1.0067
                                   06/14/11 EL-06-243-11 ELECTRICAL         GENERATOR                                           Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 173.14
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                        ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                        VLT     VAULTED                  234     0.05      12
                                                                                                        FFU     FST FLR UNFIN           1116     0.50    558
                                                                                                        SLB     SLAB                    1116     0.00       0
                                                                                                        DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE            323     0.10      32
                                                                                                        OPF     OPEN PORCH               180     0.25      45
                                                                                                        FFF     FST FLR FIN             2447     1.00   2447
                                                                                                        BMU     BSMNT                    148     0.15      22
                                                                                                        CTH     CATHEDRAL                670     0.10      67
                                                                                                        BMF     BSMNT FINISHED          2299     0.30    690
                                                                                                        GLA:     2,447                 8,533           3,873




                                                                                                             2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                              Market Cost New:           $ 670,571
                                                                                                                     Year Built:              2004
                                                                                                             Condition For Age:  GOOD        10 %
                                                                                                                       Physical:
                                                                                                                    Functional:
                                                                                                                     Economic:
                                                                                                                    Temporary:
                                                                                                             Total Depreciation:             10 %

                                                                                                                Building Value:                   $ 603,500
                                                                PAGE 141
Map: 000201       Lot: 000071        Sub: 000001        Card: 1 of 1         233 NORTH STARK HIGHWAY                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
          OWNER INFORMATION                                             SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
POMEROY, MELISSA                          Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                          12/09/2025 9913   1211   QI         675,000 PLANTE FAMILY
POMEROY, ANDREW
                                          04/27/2021 9461   0594   U I 38           1 PLANTE, MICHAEL F
233 NORTH STARK HIGHWAY                   12/21/2009 8163   2896   U I 25     269,933 RER LLC

WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                            NOTES
02/12/26 DMVM V-SALE                      BLUE; ATU VERY LIMITED USE; A/C IN ATU; 5/21; REPLACED SEPTIC; 2/26;
08/08/23 DMVE                             NOH; CHNGD DEK TO PAT;
11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
05/07/19 DMVE
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
04/05/18 DMPR
06/11/14 DMVM
04/23/14  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                       EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                     Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate Cond       Market Value Notes
                                                                                                                  WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE

                                                                                                                        PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                 Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                 2024      $ 365,900          $0      $ 107,000
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 472,900
                                                                                                                 2025      $ 365,900          $0      $ 107,000
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 472,900
                                                                                                                 2026      $ 531,400          $0      $ 145,400
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 676,800


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                 LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                              Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  2.380 ac    161,520 E  100   100  100     100 90 -- ROLLING            100     145,400  0 N      145,400
                          2.380 ac                                                                    145,400            145,400




                                                                          PAGE 142
Map: 000201   Lot: 000071   Sub: 000001       Card: 1 of 1     233 NORTH STARK HIGHWAY                         WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                    TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   POMEROY, MELISSA                     District        Percentage    Model: 2.50 STORY COLONIAL
                                   POMEROY, ANDREW                                                     Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   233 NORTH STARK HIGHWAY                                               Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                          Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                     Floor: HARDWOOD/CARPET
                                      Account Number:                                                   Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                             PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 3.0         Fixtures: 10
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type     Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   05/25/21 SE-05-187-21 SEPTIC          SEPTIC REPLACEMENT ERCA2021052  A/C: Yes 100.00 %              Generators:
                                   05/22/17 SG-05-245-1 SIGN             SIGN 2'X3' J&M UNLIMITED    Quality: A3 AVG+30
                                   08/27/14 MC-08-330-1 MECHANICAL       NSTALL LPG TANK 500 GAL ABV/GND
                                                                                                  Com. Wall:MC-08-330-14
                                   05/28/09 BP-05-202-0 MISCELLANEOUS    BP-05-202-09;RENEWAL OF BP-05-242-08 SFH C/O ISSUE
                                   05/29/08 BP-05-242-0 MISCELLANEOUS    BP-05-242-08;SFH RENEWAL OFSize Adj: 0.8289
                                                                                                     BP-05-242-08;RENEWAL         OBase Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   05/05/08 EL-05-184-08 ELECTRICAL      EL-05-184-08;ELECTRICAL W/BP-05-249-07;ELECTRICAL        Bldg. Rate:         1.0655
                                   03/28/08 PL-03-121-08 PLUMBING        PL-03-121-08;PLUMBING W/BP-05-249-07 SFH;PLUMBING     Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 170.48
                                                                                                            BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                      ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                      ATF     ATTIC FINISHED          1084     0.25    271
                                                                                                      PAT     PATIO                    400     0.05      20
                                                                                                      BMF     BSMNT FINISHED           664     0.30    199
                                                                                                      OPF     OPEN PORCH               268     0.25      67
                                                                                                      UFF     UPPER FLR FIN           1084     1.00   1084
                                                                                                      FFF     FST FLR FIN             1564     1.00   1564
                                                                                                      BMU     BSMNT                    420     0.15      63
                                                                                                      VLT     VAULTED                  480     0.05      24
                                                                                                      BMG     BASEMENT                 480     0.20      96
                                                                                                      GLA:     2,919                 6,444           3,388




                                                                                                          2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                           Market Cost New:           $ 577,586
                                                                                                                  Year Built:              2007
                                                                                                          Condition For Age:  GOOD          8%
                                                                                                                    Physical:
                                                                                                                 Functional:
                                                                                                                  Economic:
                                                                                                                 Temporary:
                                                                                                          Total Depreciation:               8%

                                                                                                              Building Value:                   $ 531,400
                                                             PAGE 143
Map: 000201         Lot: 000097        Sub: 000002        Card: 1 of 1           71 JOHN CONNOR ROAD                      WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                             PICTURE
MULVEY, KYLE A                              Date       Book   Page    Type        Price Grantor
                                            05/22/2025 9857   1793    QI        470,000 COLBY, LINDA J
BAYERS, MIKAILA L
                                            09/22/2008 8020   385     QI        252,533 CHAPMAN, J&B
71 JOHN CONNOR ROAD                         08/29/2000 6282   1307   QV          19,000 BIGWOOD, RAY H
                                            08/09/2000 6275   1124   U V 99      17,500 MALONEY/HAMMOND
WEARE, NH 03281                             02/18/1999 6066   522    QV          17,500 BIGWOOD, RAY H.
            LISTING HISTORY                                                NOTES
10/20/25 RWVM V-SALE                        OLIVE; 3 BR SEPTIC SYSTEM; FIRST FLOOR HAS 1 BR AND 1 BATH; 09
07/26/23 DMVE                               WOODSTOVE; 6/14 ALL INFO FROM HO (MRS) OUTSIDE, DNVI; DNPU 2
11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        CANVAS SHEDS & DNPU LN-TO FOR DOGS=NV; 4/19; NOH; PRE-FIN MTL
04/19/19 ZBVM                               OVER GAR ONLY; 7/23; HO OPT OUT=EST; 10/25; INFO @ DOOR; EXT COND
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        STILL GD; NO EXT UPDATES/CHNGS; LAM/OAK KITCH W/ ISLAND
06/09/14 DMVM
04/23/14  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
05/31/11 DMVM

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
SCREENHOUSE                         144     12 x 12         171   15.00 100           3,694 USE FOR DOG SHELTER     WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-METAL                           70      7 x 10         289    5.00   60            607
                                                                                       4,300
                                                                                                                         PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                  Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                  2024      $ 204,400     $ 4,200      $ 107,300
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 315,900
                                                                                                                  2025      $ 204,400     $ 4,200      $ 107,300
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 315,900
                                                                                                                  2026      $ 310,800     $ 4,300      $ 159,900
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 475,000


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                              LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                               Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: DIRT/GRAVEL
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography            Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    95  100 95 -- MILD             100     158,400     0 N    158,400
1F RES                      0.420 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  90 -- ROLLING          100       1,500     0 N      1,500
                            2.350 ac                                                                   159,900            159,900




                                                                            PAGE 144
Map: 000201   Lot: 000097   Sub: 000002       Card: 1 of 1           71 JOHN CONNOR ROAD                          WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   MULVEY, KYLE A                          District        Percentage     Model: 1.00 STORY RANCH
                                   BAYERS, MIKAILA L                                                       Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   71 JOHN CONNOR ROAD                                                       Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                              Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                         Floor: CARPET
                                      Account Number:   4,040                                               Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                                Bedrooms: 2          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures: 6
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type        Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   01/09/09 MC-01-18-09 MECHANICAL          MC-01-18-09;MECHANICAL WOOD A/C:       No
                                                                                                            STOVE;MECHANICAL           W Generators:
                                   03/05/02 MC-03-80-02 MECHANICAL          MC-03-80-02;OIL BURNER PERMIT   FOR BP-06-324-01
                                                                                                         Quality:  A1 AVG+10
                                   09/28/01 PL-09-640-01 PLUMBING           PL-09-640-01;PLUMBING PERMIT
                                                                                                      Com.FOR
                                                                                                           Wall:BP-06-324-01
                                   08/16/01 EL-08-521-01 ELECTRICAL         EL-08-521-01;ELECTRICAL PERMIT FOR BP-06-324-01
                                   06/11/01 BP-06-324-0 NEW BUILDING        BP-06-324-01;NEW HOME;NEW Size   Adj: 1.0132
                                                                                                        HOUSE;NEW       HOME           Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   06/11/01 SR-06-310-01 SEPTIC             SR-06-310-01;SEPTIC REVIEW                                Bldg. Rate:         1.0699
                                                                                                                                   Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 171.19
                                                                                                                BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                          ID       Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                          BMF    BSMNT FINISHED           1227     0.30    368
                                                                                                          GAR    GARAGE                    624     0.45    281
                                                                                                          BMG    BASEMENT                  624     0.20    125
                                                                                                          PAT    PATIO                      80     0.05       4
                                                                                                          OPF    OPEN PORCH                140     0.25      35
                                                                                                          FFF    FST FLR FIN              1227     1.00   1227
                                                                                                          GLA:    1,227                  3,922           2,040




                                                                                                              2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                               Market Cost New:           $ 349,228
                                                                                                                      Year Built:              2002
                                                                                                              Condition For Age:  GOOD        11 %
                                                                                                                        Physical:
                                                                                                                     Functional:
                                                                                                                      Economic:
                                                                                                                     Temporary:
                                                                                                              Total Depreciation:             11 %

                                                                                                                 Building Value:                    $ 310,800
                                                                PAGE 145
Map: 000201         Lot: 000112        Sub: 000002         Card: 1 of 1           107 GRANDVIEW DRIVE                         WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                                 PICTURE
MILAS, SCOTT C                              Date       Book   Page    Type        Price Grantor
                                            05/16/2025 9856   981     QI        829,900 CULLINANE, KEVIN
O'MALLEY, EWA C
                                            03/22/2024 9763   1995    QI        753,000 153 CONCORD STAGE
107 GRANDVIEW DRIVE                         05/19/2022 9617   2794   U V 21     195,000 STEELE, PETER A
                                            05/13/2022 9616   281    U V 81           1 TOWNES, CAROLEE E
WEARE, NH 03281                             11/20/2020 9383   1555   U V 38           1 TOWNES, ELDON J REVOC
            LISTING HISTORY                                                   NOTES
01/20/26 DMPR                               WHT; CU 4/97, 12-5-96 W. 201-100 & 210.112.5; #34620 SUBDIV PLAN; 2007:
10/20/25 RWVM V-SALE                        ADJUST ACREAGE PER SUBDIVISION; PLAN 35337; 150 DEG VU OF LONG
03/11/25 DMPR                               DIST MTN; 6/14 VAC; EFF 4/16 LLA PL#; PLUS PARCEL A, LESS PARCEL B;
02/22/24 DMVM                               2/24; NOH; EST INT & HSE WILL BE 100%; OVER GAR NO ACC; 3/25; PU PVD
08/03/23 DMVL                               DRWY & SITE; 10/25; INFO @ DOOR; CORR SKETCH; 1/26; EST RBF FROM
11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        PLANS & PU GEN;
05/06/19 DMVL
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                            MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond    Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                      1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500                           WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
                                                                                       5,500

                                                                                                                             PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                      Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                      2024      $ 386,500     $ 3,000      $ 152,600
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 542,100
                                                                                                                      2025      $ 386,500     $ 3,000      $ 164,000
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 553,500
                                                                                                                      2026      $ 642,800     $ 5,500      $ 224,700
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 873,000


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                              LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                    Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography             Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 G   120   100    100 100  90 -- ROLLING          100     172,400  0 N      172,400
1F RES                      3.980 ac     x 4,000 X  100                   90 -- ROLLING          100      14,300  0 N       14,300
VIEW                                 MOUNTAINS, PANORAMIC, TOP50, DISTANT                        100      38,000            38,000
                            5.910 ac                                                                     224,700              224,700




                                                                            PAGE 146
Map: 000201   Lot: 000112   Sub: 000002       Card: 1 of 1           107 GRANDVIEW DRIVE                         WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                          BUILDING DETAILS
                                   MILAS, SCOTT C                          District       Percentage   Model: 1.50 STORY RANCH
                                   O'MALLEY, EWA C                                                      Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   107 GRANDVIEW DRIVE                                                    Ext: VINYL SIDING/ABOVE AVG
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                      Floor: HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:   4,501                                            Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                                PERMITS                             Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type         Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   10/21/25 MP10-528-25 MECHANICAL          10' GAS PIPING               A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators: 1
                                   10/21/25 PL10-540-25 PLUMBING            SINK/TOILET PL IN BSMNT   Quality: A3 AVG+30
                                   10/20/25 EL10-535-25 ELECTRICAL          14KW GEN/BSMNT WIRING Com. Wall:
                                   09/16/25 BP09-461-25 FINISH BASEMENT     FIN 800 SQ. FT
                                   03/15/24 BP08-403-23 CO ISSUED           CO ISSUED 3/15/24        Size Adj: 0.8099               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   12/19/23 PL12-681-23 PLUMBING            NEW 3BD,2.5 BTH PLUMB                                  Bldg. Rate:         1.1049
                                   12/19/23 MP12-682-23 MECHANICAL          50-70' BLACK IRON PIPE                              Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 176.78
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                        ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                        VLT     VAULTED                  288     0.05      14
                                                                                                        DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE            264     0.10      26
                                                                                                        OPF     OPEN PORCH               258     0.25      65
                                                                                                        RBF     RAISED BSMNT            1336     0.75   1002
                                                                                                        BMU     BSMNT                    812     0.15    122
                                                                                                        FFF     FST FLR FIN             2148     1.00   2148
                                                                                                        GAR     GARAGE                   576     0.45    259
                                                                                                        GLA:     2,148                 5,682           3,636




                                                                                                             2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                              Market Cost New:           $ 642,772
                                                                                                                     Year Built:              2023
                                                                                                             Condition For Age: AVERAGE
                                                                                                                       Physical:
                                                                                                                    Functional:
                                                                                                                     Economic:
                                                                                                                    Temporary:
                                                                                                             Total Depreciation:

                                                                                                                Building Value:                   $ 642,800
                                                                PAGE 147
Map: 000202      Lot: 000025        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1         271 CONCORD STAGE ROAD                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                           SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
MUISE, NICHOLAS A                        Date       Book   Page   Type       Price Grantor
                                         10/24/2025 9900   2176   QI       400,000 SWIONTEK, JARRED PAUL
                                         06/03/2020 9297   1428   QI       205,000 CUMMINGS, JOSEPH
271 CONCORD STAGE ROAD                   12/29/2004 7384   1714   QI       204,933 DION, FREDERICK
                                         08/27/2002 6695   1886   QI       165,000 BYRNE/KOCH
WEARE, NH 03281                          01/22/1997 5784   537    QI        68,900 ANDERSON
            LISTING HISTORY                                            NOTES
02/12/26 DMVM V-SALE                     RED/GREEN: 22FT DORMER ON REAR; FIRST HSE ON LONG DRIVEWAY;
01/15/24 KOVM                            SPIRAL STAIRCASE TO TQF & TO BSMT; 4/19; HO ALLOWED WALK THRU;
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION     NCS INT OR EXT; EXT COND GD; NO UPDATES; 2/26; NOH; NC TO EXT;
10/07/20 RWVM
04/19/19 RWVL
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
05/28/13 DMVL
01/09/13  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                      EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                    Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
SCREENHOUSE                      144     12 x 12         171   15.00   20            739                         WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                        288     12 x 24         116   17.00   60          3,408
                                                                                   4,100
                                                                                                                      PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                               Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                               2024      $ 132,300     $ 3,700      $ 100,600
                                                                                                                                      Parcel Total: $ 236,600
                                                                                                               2025      $ 132,300     $ 3,700      $ 100,600
                                                                                                                                      Parcel Total: $ 236,600
                                                                                                               2026      $ 251,400     $ 4,100      $ 139,400
                                                                                                                                     Parcel Total: $ 394,900


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                        Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography              Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  4.900 ac    171,600 E  100   100  100      95 90 -- ROLLING          95      139,400     0 N    139,400 SD
                         4.900 ac                                                                   139,400            139,400




                                                                        PAGE 148
Map: 000202   Lot: 000025   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1       271 CONCORD STAGE ROAD                        WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                     TAXABLE DISTRICTS                          BUILDING DETAILS
                                   MUISE, NICHOLAS A                     District       Percentage   Model: 1.75 STORY CAPE
                                                                                                      Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   271 CONCORD STAGE ROAD                                               Ext: CLAP BOARD
                                                                                                         Int: WOOD/LOGS/DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                    Floor: PINE/SOFT WD/LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number:   121                                            Heat: GAS/HOT WATER
                                                              PERMITS                             Bedrooms: 2          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures: 6
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type       Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   11/23/21 MC11-572-21 MECHANICAL        GAS PIPING STOVE,FURNACE     A/C: No                         Generators:
                                                                                                    Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                                                                                 Com. Wall:
                                                                                                   Size Adj: 1.1959               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                 Bldg. Rate:         1.2634
                                                                                                                              Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 202.14
                                                                                                           BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                      ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                      OPF     OPEN PORCH               494     0.25    124
                                                                                                      TQF     3/4 STRY FIN             564     0.75    423
                                                                                                      FFF     FST FLR FIN              768     1.00    768
                                                                                                      BMU     BSMNT                    768     0.15    115
                                                                                                      EPU     COVERED BSMNT             36     0.35      13
                                                                                                      CTH     CATHEDRAL                204     0.10      20
                                                                                                      GLA:     1,191                 2,834           1,463




                                                                                                           2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                            Market Cost New:              $ 295,731
                                                                                                                   Year Built:                 1985
                                                                                                           Condition For Age:     GOOD        14 %
                                                                                                                     Physical: SPIRAL STR       1%
                                                                                                                  Functional:
                                                                                                                   Economic:
                                                                                                                  Temporary:
                                                                                                           Total Depreciation:                15 %

                                                                                                              Building Value:                   $ 251,400
                                                              PAGE 149
Map: 000202       Lot: 000082         Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1              1583 RIVER ROAD                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
          OWNER INFORMATION                                          SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
BROWN, ASHLEY MORGAN UNDIV 50%             Date       Book Page   Type       Price Grantor
                                           04/28/2026 9947 2312   QI       425,000 WILUSZ, DAVID W
ROSS, ROBERT BRUCE UNDIV 50%
                                           07/01/1996 5737 1873   QI        25,000
72 MAPLEWOLD ROAD


WEARE, NH 03281                (ET AL.)
            LISTING HISTORY                                             NOTES
05/17/24 DMVM                           GRN; 5/19; NOH; EXT=GD; 5/24; NOH; NEW ROOF EST IN 2022; CORR'D
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION DRWY; EXT=GD;
05/21/19 DMVM
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
06/18/13 DMVM
01/09/13  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
09/19/11 LMHC
01/09/09 DMVM

                                        EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                      MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                      Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate Cond    Market Value Notes
                                                                                                                 WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE

                                                                                                                      PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                               Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                               2024      $ 192,000          $0       $ 99,100
                                                                                                                                      Parcel Total: $ 291,100
                                                                                                               2025      $ 192,000          $0       $ 99,100
                                                                                                                                      Parcel Total: $ 291,100
                                                                                                               2026      $ 297,500          $0      $ 143,000
                                                                                                                                     Parcel Total: $ 440,500


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                        Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography              Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
2F RES                  1.000 ac    152,033 F  110   100  100      95 90 -- ROLLING          100     143,000     0 N    143,000
                           1.000 ac                                                                  143,000           143,000




                                                                        PAGE 150
Map: 000202   Lot: 000082   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1                 1583 RIVER ROAD                         WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                         TAXABLE DISTRICTS                          BUILDING DETAILS
                                   BROWN, ASHLEY MORGAN UNDIV 5 District                    Percentage     Model: 2.00 STORY COLONIAL
                                   ROSS, ROBERT BRUCE UNDIV 50%                                              Roof: GABLE OR HIP/PREFAB METALS
                                   72 MAPLEWOLD ROAD                                                          Ext: CLAP BOARD
                                                                                                               Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                (ET AL.)                                  Floor: HARD TILE/CARPET
                                      Account Number:   2,307                                                Heat: GAS/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                                 Bedrooms: 4          Baths: 2.0        Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type           Notes                                 Extra Kitchens: 1        Fireplaces:
                                   06/21/21 MC-06-232-2 MECHANICAL            LPG TANK 500 GAL AG            A/C: No                        Generators:
                                   08/05/03 BP-08-466-0 MISCELLANEOUS         BP-08-466-03                Quality: A0 AVG
                                   02/25/99 PL-02-52-99 PLUMBING              PLUMBING PERMIT           Com. Wall:
                                   02/25/99 EL-02-51-99 ELECTRICAL            ELECTRICAL PERMIT
                                   02/25/99 BP-02-47-99 RENOVATIONS           RENOVATIONS                Size Adj: 1.0011              Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   09/26/97 BP-09-166-9 ALTERATION            FINISH 2ND FLR TO LIVING AREA                           Bldg. Rate:         1.0203
                                                                                                                                   Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 163.25
                                                                                                                 BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                           ID       Description          Area      Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                           DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE             216    0.10      22
                                                                                                           UFF    UPPER FLR FIN            1032    1.00   1032
                                                                                                           FFF    FST FLR FIN              1032    1.00   1032
                                                                                                           SLB    SLAB                     1032    0.00       0
                                                                                                           OPF    OPEN PORCH                 36    0.25       9
                                                                                                           GLA:    2,064                  3,348          2,095




                                                                                                               2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                                Market Cost New:           $ 342,009
                                                                                                                       Year Built:              1989
                                                                                                               Condition For Age:  GOOD        13 %
                                                                                                                         Physical:
                                                                                                                      Functional:
                                                                                                                       Economic:
                                                                                                                      Temporary:
                                                                                                               Total Depreciation:             13 %

                                                                                                                  Building Value:                   $ 297,500
                                                                PAGE 151
Map: 000202        Lot: 000092        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1            21 ROCKLAND ROAD                        WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                             SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
BEAUPARLANT, ZACHARY                       Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                           10/07/2025 9895 1166   QI         300,000 WELLMAN, DONALD
                                           08/16/2000 6278  31    U I 77             WELLMAN, IRENE
21 ROCKLAND ROAD


WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                              NOTES
02/11/26 DMVM V-SALES                      BRN; YB=EST, BMU=WALKOUT, FNDTN=CB/FLN,BARN=GAR WAS 11X17
05/17/24 DMVM                              OFFICE CONSTRUCTED 9FIELDST FDN; 6/8; RUSTIC INT DESIGN; SOME
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION       AREAS SAGGING; ATF=7' WITH DORMER=13'=HSF; 6/13 NOH; DNPU 5X5
05/15/19 DMVM                              SHED=NV; 1 SIDE OF HSE IS ASBEST SHINGLES; 10/13; BSMNT FLDG; SUMP
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION       PUMP; ADDED PINE FLRG; 5/19; FMICA/PINE CABS LINO FLRING; WD
10/31/13 NFCL                              FRAMED SINGLE PANE WINDS; WD STV B/U; INT & EXT=GD FOR AGE;
06/17/13 DMVM                              REPLACED BSMT DOOR; 2/26; NOH; NC TO EXT;
01/09/13  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                        EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                      Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
BARN-1STRY/LOFT/BSMT               432     24 x 18          97   33.00   40          5,531                         WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
                                                                                     5,500

                                                                                                                        PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                 Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                 2024       $ 92,800     $ 4,000       $ 82,900
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 179,700
                                                                                                                 2025       $ 92,800     $ 4,000       $ 82,900
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 179,700
                                                                                                                 2026      $ 165,400     $ 5,500      $ 131,700
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 302,600


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                  LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                          Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  0.500 ac    140,000 F  110   100  100      95 90 -- ROLLING            100     131,700     0 N    131,700
                           0.500 ac                                                                   131,700            131,700




                                                                         PAGE 152
Map: 000202   Lot: 000092   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1             21 ROCKLAND ROAD                           WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   BEAUPARLANT, ZACHARY                    District        Percentage    Model: 1.50 STORY CONVENTION
                                                                                                           Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   21 ROCKLAND ROAD                                                         Ext: CLAP BOARD
                                                                                                             Int: PLASTERED/DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                        Floor: CARPET/PINE/SOFT WD
                                      Account Number:   3,458                                              Heat: OIL/FA DUCTED
                                                                PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 2          Baths: 1.0         Fixtures: 3
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type         Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   07/22/97 BP-07-106-9 ALTERATION          BP-07-106-97;HOME OFFICE;EXPANDA/C:SFNoRESIDENTIAL;HO          Generators:
                                                                                                        Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                                                                                      Com. Wall:
                                                                                                       Size Adj: 1.5629               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                     Bldg. Rate:         1.5829
                                                                                                                                  Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 253.26
                                                                                                               BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                         ID        Description         Area    Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                         HSF     1/2 STRY FIN             396 0.50     198
                                                                                                         FFF     FST FLR FIN              636 1.00     636
                                                                                                         BMU     BSMNT                    540 0.15       81
                                                                                                         PRS     PIER                      96 -0.05      -5
                                                                                                         DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE            208 0.10       21
                                                                                                         ENT     ENTRY WAY                 15 0.10        2
                                                                                                         GLA:     834                   1,891          933




                                                                                                             2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                              Market Cost New:           $ 236,292
                                                                                                                     Year Built:              1880
                                                                                                             Condition For Age:  GOOD        29 %
                                                                                                                       Physical:
                                                                                                                    Functional:  BMU           1%
                                                                                                                     Economic:
                                                                                                                    Temporary:
                                                                                                             Total Depreciation:             30 %

                                                                                                                 Building Value:                   $ 165,400
                                                                PAGE 153
Map: 000202         Lot: 000125          Sub: 000000          Card: 1 of 1            75 CLARK MILL ROAD                      WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                  SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
CHIEN, STEPHEN WEI-SHING                        Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                                04/23/2026 9946 2544   QI         680,000 BROWN, MONTAGUE &
                                                04/19/2018 9065 1104   U I 38             BROWN, MONTAGUE &
45 ASHLAND STREET                               04/30/1996 5713 737    QI

MANCHESTER, NH 03104
            LISTING HISTORY                                                       NOTES
06/30/26 DMVM V-SALE                            BEIGE; BROOK ON LOT; NEW ROOF '08, BMU WET SEASONAL. DNPU 2 FT
09/18/24 DMCL                                   OH ATT 12X10 SHED; TQF BATH IS 2 SINKS, 2 TOILETS, 1 TUB SEPARATED
05/30/24 DMVM                                   BY DOORS; WELL MAINT; 10/19; CORR'D BTH COUNT & BMF SIZE; SUMP
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION            PUMP; WD C-TOP & CABINETS IN KIT; INT=GD; ONLY (2) HEATING VENTS
01/21/21 DMPR                                   IN TQF; 1/21; PU GEN; 9/24; NC; WELL MAINT; WIDE PINE THRUOUT; BMF
10/31/19 DMCL                                   LACKS FLRING; 6/26 HO ON WAY OUT, DNVI, NC, WASHER/DRYER, REFRIG;
05/22/19 DMVM
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                             EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                           Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                          1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500                       WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                               288     12 x 24         116    17.00 100           5,679
SHED-WOOD                               120     12 x 10         193    17.00   50          1,969 NO DOOR
DECK                                     96      8 x 12         227     7.00   50            763 ATT TO 12X24                PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
LEAN-TO                                  96      4 x 24         227     4.00   50            436 ATT TO 12X24
                                                                                                                      Year       Building  Features    Land
PATIO                                   238     1 x 238         127     7.00   20            423 EST/SHAPE
                                                                                                                      2024      $ 329,600     $ 9,100       $ 96,236
                                                                                          14,800
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 434,936
                                                                                                                      2025      $ 329,600     $ 9,100       $ 96,216
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 434,916
                                                                                                                      2026      $ 471,400    $ 14,800      $ 145,931
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 632,131


                                              LAND VALUATION                                                                   LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                       Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: DIRT/GRAVEL
Land Type                Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography                   Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES WTRFRNT           1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100   95    95 95 -- MILD                     95     143,000  0 N     143,000 SHD DWY
UNMNGD PINE              2.000 ac     x 4,000 X   94                  90 -- ROLLING                 100       6,800 90 N         385
UNMNGD OTHER            10.870 ac     x 4,000 X   94                  90 -- ROLLING                 100      36,800 90 N         546
PISCATAQUOG RIVER        1.000 wf NATURAL IMPR LOT, MAIN BODY         95 -- MILD W                  100       2,000  0         2,000 BROOK WF
                           14.800 ac                                                                        188,600           145,931




                                                                               PAGE 154
Map: 000202   Lot: 000125   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1             75 CLARK MILL ROAD                   WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                      BUILDING DETAILS
                                   CHIEN, STEPHEN WEI-SHING                District    Percentage      Model: 1.75 STORY CAPE
                                                                                                         Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   45 ASHLAND STREET                                                      Ext: CLAP BOARD
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   MANCHESTER, NH 03104                                                 Floor: PINE/SOFT WD
                                      Account Number: 758                                                Heat: OIL/FA DUCTED
                                                               PERMITS                              Bedrooms: 4          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures: 8
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type        Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   06/01/26 MP06-232-26 MECHANICAL          WOODSTOVE                    A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators: 1
                                   05/19/20 EL-05-121-20 ELECTRICAL         GENERATOR 14KW LPG        Quality: A2 AVG+20
                                   05/19/98 BP-05-75-98 SHED                12 X 24 SHED            Com. Wall:
                                                                                                     Size Adj: 0.8300               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                   Bldg. Rate:         1.0151
                                                                                                                                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 162.42
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                    ID       Description           Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                    DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE              224     0.10      22
                                                                                                    TQF    3/4 STRY FIN              1457     0.75   1093
                                                                                                    FFF    FST FLR FIN               1817     1.00   1817
                                                                                                    BMU    BSMNT                     1082     0.15    162
                                                                                                    ATF    ATTIC FINISHED             160     0.25      40
                                                                                                    CTH    CATHEDRAL                  200     0.10      20
                                                                                                    BMF    BSMNT FINISHED             735     0.30    221
                                                                                                    GLA:    2,950                   5,675           3,375




                                                                                                       2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                        Market Cost New:           $ 548,168
                                                                                                               Year Built:              1983
                                                                                                       Condition For Age:  GOOD        14 %
                                                                                                                 Physical:
                                                                                                              Functional:
                                                                                                               Economic:
                                                                                                              Temporary:
                                                                                                       Total Depreciation:             14 %

                                                                                                           Building Value:                      $ 471,400
                                                              PAGE 155
Map: 000202       Lot: 000158        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1               1747 RIVER ROAD                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                            SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
WERTH, BENJAMIN                           Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                          10/23/2025 9899 2835   QI         520,000 EVANS FAMILY TRUST
GUSTITUS, BRENNA CATHERINE
                                          01/17/2013 8517 1698   U I 44             EVANS, GARY A
1747 RIVER ROAD


WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                               NOTES
02/11/26 DMVM V-SALE                      CRM; "SHEEP HOLLOW FARM"; 07 MERGED WITH 106 & 108; NOH;08/08
05/29/24 DMVM                             NEW FURN IN 07,12X24 BMT IS 4' HIGH=CRL; SUMP PUMP; WELL MAINT;
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION      VINYL WINDS; WELL MAINT; 2/26; ALL INFO FROM HO; NOTHING INCL IN
05/21/19 DMVM                             SALE; EST BACK=SNOW/FENCED; WELL MAINT;
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
03/29/17 DMPM
06/18/13 DMVL
01/09/13  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                       EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                       MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                     Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                         280     20 x 14         117   17.00   20          1,114 IN FIELD/EST          WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
BARN-1STRY/LOFT                   512     32 x 16          91   31.00   50          7,222 ATT TO HSE
SCREENHOUSE                       144     12 x 12         171   15.00   60          2,216 GAZEBO
BARN-1STRY                        320     32 x 10         110   27.00   50          4,752 ATT TO 32X16                PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
SHED-EQUIPMENT                    160     16 x 10         160   11.00   50          1,408 IN FIELD/EST
                                                                                                               Year       Building  Features    Land
SHED-WOOD                         128      16 x 8         185   17.00   50          2,013 IN FIELD/EST
BARN-1STRY/LOFT                   420     20 x 21          98   31.00   60          7,656 ATT TO BARNS         2024      $ 216,000    $ 32,600      $ 150,500
BARN-1STRY                        144     12 x 12         171   27.00   60          3,989 ATT TO 20X21                                Parcel Total: $ 399,100
BARN-1STRY                        300     15 x 20         113   27.00   60          5,492 ATT TO 20X21         2025      $ 216,000    $ 32,600      $ 150,500
SOLAR ELECT PANEL                  19                     100  400.00   85          6,460 ROOF '16/ON BARN                            Parcel Total: $ 399,100
                                                                                   42,300                      2026      $ 290,700    $ 42,300      $ 201,500
                                                                                                                                     Parcel Total: $ 534,500


                                             LAND VALUATION                                                              LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                            Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography             Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  5.000 ac    172,000 F   110   100  100    100 100 -- LEVEL           100     189,200  0 N      189,200
1F RES                  2.700 ac     x 4,000 X  100                   95 -- MILD             100      10,300  0 N       10,300
PISCATAQUOG RIVER       1.000 wf NATURAL IMPR LOT, MAIN BODY          95 -- MILD W           100       2,000  0          2,000 RF WF
                          7.700 ac                                                                   201,500           201,500




                                                                        PAGE 156
Map: 000202   Lot: 000158   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1                 1747 RIVER ROAD                          WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                         TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   WERTH, BENJAMIN                           District        Percentage    Model: 2.00 STORY CAPE
                                   GUSTITUS, BRENNA CATHERINE                                                Roof: GABLE OR HIP/STANDING SEAM
                                   1747 RIVER ROAD                                                            Ext: CLAP BOARD/CEDAR/REDWD
                                                                                                               Int: PLASTERED/DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                          Floor: PINE/SOFT WD/CARPET
                                      Account Number:   1,147                                                Heat: OIL/STEAM
                                                                PERMITS                                 Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures: 8
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type          Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   10/05/16 BP-10-568-1 SOLAR ARRAY           19 PANEL ROOF MOUNT 5.89KW A/C: No                             Generators:
                                   04/05/01 EL-04-135-01 ELECTRICAL           EL-04-135-01;ELECTRICAL PERMIT, PLUGS
                                                                                                          Quality:      AND RECEPTA
                                                                                                                    A1 AVG+10
                                   04/04/01 PL-04-119-01 PLUMBING             PL-04-119-01;PLUMBING PERMIT
                                                                                                        Com. Wall:
                                   11/14/00 BP-11-704-0 NEW BUILDING          BP-11-704-00;ADDITION;ADDITION;HOME ADDITION
                                                                                                         Size Adj: 0.8916               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                       Bldg. Rate:         0.9804
                                                                                                                                    Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 156.86
                                                                                                                 BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                           ID        Description         Area    Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                           FFF     FST FLR FIN             1643 1.00    1643
                                                                                                           CRL     CRAWL SPACE              604 0.05       30
                                                                                                           UFF     UPPER FLR FIN            950 1.00     950
                                                                                                           BMU     BSMNT                    928 0.15     139
                                                                                                           PRS     PIER                     111 -0.05      -6
                                                                                                           VLT     VAULTED                  192 0.05       10
                                                                                                           GLA:     2,593                 4,428        2,766




                                                                                                               2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                                Market Cost New:           $ 433,875
                                                                                                                       Year Built:              1846
                                                                                                               Condition For Age:  GOOD        31 %
                                                                                                                         Physical:
                                                                                                                      Functional:   WH           2%
                                                                                                                       Economic:
                                                                                                                      Temporary:
                                                                                                               Total Depreciation:             33 %

                                                                                                                   Building Value:                   $ 290,700
                                                                PAGE 157
Map: 000203      Lot: 000089        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1                 20 VIEW ROAD                        WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                             SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
LOWE, MATTHEW S                          Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                         09/24/2025 9891   624    QI         530,000 WEST, DAVID PAUL
                                         05/30/2023 9702   2564   U I 14     460,000 HAPPY TRAILS
20 VIEW ROAD                             02/28/2023 9685   1640   U I 99     240,333 DRYSDALE, LAWRENCE E.
                                         09/29/1997 5857   0594   QI         103,100 RUTH MAGZAMER
WEARE, NH 03281                          08/01/1992 5360   448    QI         101,047 LUKSZA
            LISTING HISTORY                                              NOTES
02/11/26 DMVM V-SALE                     BLU; PRIV RD; 1/20; NOH; ROOF & SIDING GD; DNV 10X7 SHED; UPDTED
01/09/24 DMVE                            KITCH W/ GRANITE/SS APPL/SIDING, FLOORS ARE
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION     HARDWOOD/SOFTWOOD; 2/26; NOH; EST NEW ROOF IN 2025; EXT=GD;
01/13/20 ZBVM                            VINYL WINDS; P&B
01/01/20  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
06/20/14 DMVM
04/23/14  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
04/30/10 DMPL

                                      EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                    Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                   1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500                         WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                         96      12 x 8         227    17.00   60          2,223
                                                                                    7,700
                                                                                                                       PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                2024      $ 227,300     $ 5,200       $ 95,900
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 328,400
                                                                                                                2025      $ 227,300     $ 5,200       $ 95,900
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 328,400
                                                                                                                2026      $ 376,200     $ 7,700      $ 158,900
                                                                                                                                      Parcel Total: $ 542,800


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                 LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                         Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: DIRT/GRAVEL
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography               Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  2.010 ac    160,040 F  110   100   95     100 95 -- MILD              100     158,900     0 N    158,900
                         2.010 ac                                                                    158,900            158,900




                                                                         PAGE 158
Map: 000203   Lot: 000089   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1                 20 VIEW ROAD                      WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                             OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                      BUILDING DETAILS
                                   LOWE, MATTHEW S                          District    Percentage      Model: 1.75 STORY CAPE
                                                                                                          Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   20 VIEW ROAD                                                            Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                            Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                       Floor: HARDWOOD/PINE/SOFT WD
                                      Account Number:   2,108                                             Heat: GAS/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                              Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type          Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   05/18/26 EL05-199-26 ELECTRICAL           200 AMP METER, PANEL         A/C: No                         Generators:
                                                                                                       Quality: A2 AVG+20
                                                                                                     Com. Wall:
                                                                                                      Size Adj: 0.9426               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                    Bldg. Rate:         1.0974
                                                                                                                                 Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 175.59
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                     ID       Description           Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                     BMF    BSMNT FINISHED             808     0.30    242
                                                                                                     BMU    BSMNT                      128     0.15      19
                                                                                                     VLT    VAULTED                    128     0.05       6
                                                                                                     CTH    CATHEDRAL                 1144     0.10    114
                                                                                                     TQF    3/4 STRY FIN               936     0.75    702
                                                                                                     CRL    CRAWL SPACE                336     0.05      17
                                                                                                     DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE              354     0.10      35
                                                                                                     FFF    FST FLR FIN               1272     1.00   1272
                                                                                                     GLA:    1,974                   5,106           2,407




                                                                                                        2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                         Market Cost New:            $ 422,645
                                                                                                                Year Built:               1988
                                                                                                        Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     11 %
                                                                                                                  Physical:
                                                                                                               Functional:
                                                                                                                Economic:
                                                                                                               Temporary:
                                                                                                        Total Depreciation:              11 %

                                                                                                            Building Value:                      $ 376,200
                                                                PAGE 159
Map: 000401         Lot: 000004          Sub: 000029         Card: 1 of 1           35 COLLINS LANDING #29                    WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
          OWNER INFORMATION                                                  SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
MADERE, AMIE JAMES                             Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                               05/11/2026 9951   1418   QI         370,000 GORSKI, ROBERT E REV
                                               02/22/2011 8296   0166   U I 38             GORSKI/BOUCHARD
169 TINA DRIVE                                 02/18/2004 7169   2599   QI         169,933 TECH-BUILT 153 INC

PEMBROKE, NH 03275
             LISTING HISTORY                                                  NOTES
 10/12/23 DMCL                                 GRY; STYLE "A"; LADDER ACCESS TO LOFT IN BR = DNPU, CORRECTED
 07/07/23 DMVM                                 SKETCH, HARDWOOD LR & DA; CONDO FEE $420/MO; 12/18; NC;
 11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION          FMICA/OAK CABINET IN KIT; 7/23; NOH; NC TO EXT; 10/23; HSF=CARPET
 12/20/18 DMCL                                 DNPU; WELL MAINT;
 09/20/18 DMVM MARKED FOR INSPECTION
 10/22/14 DMCL
 05/30/14 DMVM
 04/23/14  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                           EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                          MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                         Units Lngth x Width Size Adj   Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                        1                    100   5,500.00 100          5,500 GAS                     WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
COLLINS LANDING                          1                    100 120,000.00 100       120,000
                                                                                       125,500
                                                                                                                             PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                      Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                      2024      $ 160,200    $ 95,000            $0
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 255,200
                                                                                                                      2025      $ 160,200    $ 95,000            $0
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 255,200
                                                                                                                      2026      $ 254,800   $ 125,500            $0
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 380,300


                                                  LAND VALUATION                                                                 LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93    Minimum Frontage: 200                                                 Site:               Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type 1F RES                    Neighborhood: F                                                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R     Tax Value Notes

                                  0 ac




                                                                               PAGE 160
Map: 000401   Lot: 000004   Sub: 000029       Card: 1 of 1            35 COLLINS LANDING #29                WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                               OWNER                    TAXABLE DISTRICTS                      BUILDING DETAILS
                                   MADERE, AMIE JAMES                      District    Percentage      Model: 2.50 STORY CONDO
                                                                                                         Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   169 TINA DRIVE                                                         Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   PEMBROKE, NH 03275                                                   Floor: LAMINATE/VINYL/HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:                                                    Heat: GAS/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                             Bedrooms: 2          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures: 6
                                    Date   Permit ID    Permit Type         Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                                                                                         A/C: No                         Generators:
                                                                                                      Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                                                                                    Com. Wall:
                                                                                                     Size Adj: 1.1523               Base Rate: RCD 160.00
                                                                                                                                   Bldg. Rate:         1.1803
                                                                                                                                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 188.85
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                    ID       Description           Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                    DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE               64     0.10       6
                                                                                                    FFF    FST FLR FIN                660     1.00    660
                                                                                                    BMU    BSMNT                      176     0.15      26
                                                                                                    UFF    UPPER FLR FIN              572     1.00    572
                                                                                                    HSF    1/2 STRY FIN               274     0.50    137
                                                                                                    BMF    BSMNT FINISHED             220     0.30      66
                                                                                                    BMG    BASEMENT                   264     0.20      53
                                                                                                    OPF    OPEN PORCH                 110     0.25      28
                                                                                                    CTH    CATHEDRAL                  210     0.10      21
                                                                                                    GLA:    1,369                   2,550           1,569




                                                                                                       2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                        Market Cost New:           $ 296,306
                                                                                                               Year Built:              2004
                                                                                                       Condition For Age:  GOOD        10 %
                                                                                                                 Physical:
                                                                                                              Functional:   CW           4%
                                                                                                               Economic:
                                                                                                              Temporary:
                                                                                                       Total Depreciation:             14 %

                                                                                                           Building Value:                      $ 254,800
                                                                PAGE 161
Map: 000401         Lot: 000004          Sub: 000035          Card: 1 of 1          35 COLLINS LANDING #35                      WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
          OWNER INFORMATION                                                  SALES HISTORY                                                 PICTURE
TRAPP, GEORGE A                                Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                               06/16/2025 9863   1135   QI         352,500 SHELDON FAMILY REVOC
                                               04/27/2017 8962   2901   QI         158,000 COUHIE, MICHAEL L
35 COLLINS LANDING ROAD                        08/23/2012 8461   2870   U I 38             COUHIE, JOAN M REVOC
UNIT 35                                        05/28/2004 7245   544    U I 44             COUHIE, JOAN
WEARE, NH 03281                                05/11/2004 7230   2990   U I 15     170,000 TECH-BUILT 153 INC
            LISTING HISTORY                                                     NOTES
12/10/25 RWVM V-SALE                           GRY; STYLE "B"; DNPU ATU=PDS; 9/18 NOH; N/C TO EXT CONDO FEE
07/11/23 DMVM                                  $420/MO; 12/18; REMODELED KIT IN 2017; GRANITE/WD CABINETS
11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION           W/ISLAND (SINK IN IT); 7/23; NOH; NC TO EXT; 12/25; NOH; NC EXT; STILL
12/17/18 DMCL                                  GD COND;
09/20/18 DMVM MARKED FOR INSPECTION
10/23/14 DMCL
05/30/14 DMVM
04/23/14  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                           EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                            MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                         Units Lngth x Width Size Adj   Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                        1                    100   5,500.00 100          5,500                          WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
COLLINS LANDING                          1                    100 120,000.00 100       120,000
                                                                                       125,500
                                                                                                                               PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                        Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                        2024      $ 151,100    $ 95,000            $0
                                                                                                                                               Parcel Total: $ 246,100
                                                                                                                        2025      $ 151,100    $ 95,000            $0
                                                                                                                                               Parcel Total: $ 246,100
                                                                                                                        2026      $ 244,000   $ 125,500            $0
                                                                                                                                              Parcel Total: $ 369,500


                                                  LAND VALUATION                                                                   LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93    Minimum Frontage: 200                                                 Site:                 Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type 1F RES                    Neighborhood: F                                                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R       Tax Value Notes

                                  0 ac




                                                                               PAGE 162
Map: 000401   Lot: 000004   Sub: 000035       Card: 1 of 1           35 COLLINS LANDING #35                WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                             OWNER                     TAXABLE DISTRICTS                      BUILDING DETAILS
                                   TRAPP, GEORGE A                        District    Percentage      Model: 2.50 STORY CONDO
                                                                                                        Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   35 COLLINS LANDING ROAD                                               Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                   UNIT 35                                                                Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                     Floor: HARDWOOD/CARPET
                                       Account Number:                                                  Heat: GAS/HOT WATER
                                                               PERMITS                             Bedrooms: 2          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures: 6
                                    Date   Permit ID   Permit Type         Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                                                                                        A/C: No                         Generators:
                                                                                                     Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                                                                                   Com. Wall:
                                                                                                    Size Adj: 1.2108               Base Rate: RCD 160.00
                                                                                                                                  Bldg. Rate:         1.2402
                                                                                                                               Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 198.44
                                                                                                            BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                   ID       Description           Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                   OPF    OPEN PORCH                 110     0.25      28
                                                                                                   UFF    UPPER FLR FIN              572     1.00    572
                                                                                                   FFF    FST FLR FIN                660     1.00    660
                                                                                                   BMF    BSMNT FINISHED             220     0.30      66
                                                                                                   DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE               64     0.10       6
                                                                                                   CTH    CATHEDRAL                  192     0.10      19
                                                                                                   BMG    BASEMENT                   264     0.20      53
                                                                                                   BMU    BSMNT                      176     0.15      26
                                                                                                   GLA:    1,232                   2,258           1,430




                                                                                                      2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                       Market Cost New:           $ 283,769
                                                                                                              Year Built:              2003
                                                                                                      Condition For Age:  GOOD        10 %
                                                                                                                Physical:
                                                                                                             Functional:   CW           4%
                                                                                                              Economic:
                                                                                                             Temporary:
                                                                                                      Total Depreciation:             14 %

                                                                                                          Building Value:                      $ 244,000
                                                               PAGE 163
Map: 000401       Lot: 000004          Sub: 000046         Card: 1 of 1           62 COLLINS LANDING #46                    WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                 SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
WILUSZ, ALICIA MARIE                         Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                             01/21/2026 9922   463    U I 99           1 WILUSZ, ALICIA MARIE
                                             01/09/2026 9921   2502   QI         401,000 J.B. RICHARDSON TRUST
6 REYNWOOD LANE                              07/27/2022 9637   2030   U I 38           1 RICHARDSON, JEFFREY
UNIT 4                                       04/22/2005 7447   1073   QI         200,000 153 CONCORD STG
WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                 NOTES
06/30/26 DMVM V-SALE                         GRY; FLOORPLAN "C"; NO VIEW FROM UNIT; END UNIT; LADDER ACCESS
07/18/23 DMVM                                TO LOFT AREA IN BR DNPU; 3/09 NOH; EST CTH; ENLARGED OPF & ENT &
11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION         CHANGED TQF TO UFF; CONDO FEE $420/MO; 7/23; NOH; NC TO EXT; 6/26
09/21/18 DMVM MARKED FOR INSPECTION          NOH, NC TO EXT;
06/06/14 DMVM
04/23/14  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
03/02/09 DMVM
03/24/05 CNPL

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                          MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj   Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                      1                    100   5,500.00 100          5,500                         WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
COLLINS LANDING                        1                    100 120,000.00 100       120,000
                                                                                     125,500
                                                                                                                           PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                    Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                    2024      $ 152,400    $ 95,000            $0
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 247,400
                                                                                                                    2025      $ 152,400    $ 95,000            $0
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 247,400
                                                                                                                    2026      $ 248,300   $ 125,500            $0
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 373,800


                                             LAND VALUATION                                                                    LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL    Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                           Site:               Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type 1F RES                  Neighborhood: F                                                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R     Tax Value Notes

                                0 ac




                                                                             PAGE 164
Map: 000401   Lot: 000004   Sub: 000046       Card: 1 of 1             62 COLLINS LANDING #46                WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                             OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                      BUILDING DETAILS
                                   WILUSZ, ALICIA MARIE                     District    Percentage      Model: 2.50 STORY CONDO
                                                                                                          Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   6 REYNWOOD LANE                                                         Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                   UNIT 4                                                                   Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                       Floor: CARPET
                                       Account Number:                                                    Heat: GAS/HOT WATER
                                                                 PERMITS                             Bedrooms: 2          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures: 6
                                    Date   Permit ID     Permit Type         Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                                                                                          A/C: No                         Generators:
                                                                                                       Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                                                                                     Com. Wall:
                                                                                                      Size Adj: 1.2040               Base Rate: RCD 160.00
                                                                                                                                    Bldg. Rate:         1.2206
                                                                                                                                 Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 195.29
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                     ID       Description           Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                     UFF    UPPER FLR FIN              625     1.00    625
                                                                                                     FFF    FST FLR FIN                625     1.00    625
                                                                                                     BMU    BSMNT                      141     0.15      21
                                                                                                     OPF    OPEN PORCH                 145     0.25      36
                                                                                                     BMF    BSMNT FINISHED             220     0.30      66
                                                                                                     BMG    BASEMENT                   264     0.20      53
                                                                                                     CTH    CATHEDRAL                  168     0.10      17
                                                                                                     DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE               21     0.10       2
                                                                                                     GLA:    1,250                   2,209           1,445




                                                                                                        2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                         Market Cost New:           $ 282,194
                                                                                                                Year Built:              2005
                                                                                                        Condition For Age:  GOOD        10 %
                                                                                                                  Physical:
                                                                                                               Functional:   CW           2%
                                                                                                                Economic:
                                                                                                               Temporary:
                                                                                                        Total Depreciation:             12 %

                                                                                                            Building Value:                      $ 248,300
                                                                 PAGE 165
Map: 000401      Lot: 000004           Sub: 000047         Card: 1 of 1           62 COLLINS LANDING #47                    WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                 SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
GAMLIN, STEPHEN                              Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                             07/07/2026 9967   1890   QI         365,000 BOHNE REVOC TRUST
                                             09/05/2025 9886   844    QI         400,000 HEGNAUER, AMANDA K
62 COLLINS LANDING ROAD #47                  10/11/2024 9809   2019   U I 38           1 HEGNAUER, AMANDA K
                                             06/05/2018 9078   2202   QI         180,000 DIMOCK, MATTHEW E
WEARE, NH 03281                              02/27/2008 7953   1264   QI         170,000 PRATT, CHRIS H
            LISTING HISTORY                                               NOTES
12/10/25 RWVM V-SALE                         GRY; END UNIT;DNPU HSF=LADDER ACCESS; CONDO FEE $420/MO; DNPU
07/18/23 DMVM                                (2) A/C WINDOW UNITS IN WALL= N/V; 7/23; NOH; NC TO EXT; 12/25; INFO
11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION         PER HO; CORR FLR; NO OTHER UPDATES;
09/21/18 DMVM MARKED FOR INSPECTION
06/06/14 DMVM
04/23/14  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
08/28/08 DMCL
06/23/08 DMVM

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                          MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj   Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                      1                    100   5,500.00 100          5,500 GAS                     WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
COLLINS LANDING                        1                    100 120,000.00 100       120,000
                                                                                     125,500
                                                                                                                           PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                    Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                    2024      $ 155,600    $ 95,000            $0
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 250,600
                                                                                                                    2025      $ 155,600    $ 95,000            $0
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 250,600
                                                                                                                    2026      $ 252,200   $ 125,500            $0
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 377,700


                                               LAND VALUATION                                                                  LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL      Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                         Site:               Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type 1F RES                  Neighborhood: F                                                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R     Tax Value Notes

                                0 ac




                                                                             PAGE 166
Map: 000401   Lot: 000004   Sub: 000047       Card: 1 of 1       62 COLLINS LANDING #47                        WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                    TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   GAMLIN, STEPHEN                      District        Percentage     Model: 2.50 STORY CONDO
                                                                                                         Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   62 COLLINS LANDING ROAD #47                                            Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                      Floor: CARPET/LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number:                                                    Heat: GAS/HOT WATER
                                                             PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 2           Baths: 2.0         Fixtures: 6
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type     Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   06/29/05 EL-06-437-05 ELECTRICAL                                      A/C: No
                                                                         EL-06-437-05;FOR NEW SFH C/O ISSUED    8/29/05                  Generators:
                                   06/29/05 MC-06-452-0 MECHANICAL       MC-06-452-05;FOR NEW SFH - LPG   FIREA1
                                                                                                      Quality:  DEPT.  INSPECT
                                                                                                                   AVG+10
                                   06/29/05 PL-06-442-05 PLUMBING        PL-06-442-05;FOR NEW SFH C/O
                                                                                                   Com.ISSUED
                                                                                                         Wall: 8/29/05
                                   03/22/05 BP-03-120-0 MISCELLANEOUS    BP-03-120-05;NEW 5-UNIT CONDO BUILDING #47
                                                                                                     Size Adj: 1.1825               Base Rate: RCD 160.00
                                                                                                                                   Bldg. Rate:         1.1988
                                                                                                                                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 191.80
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                       ID       Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                       BMU    BSMNT                     163     0.15      24
                                                                                                       OPF    OPEN PORCH                145     0.25      36
                                                                                                       UFF    UPPER FLR FIN             647     1.00    647
                                                                                                       FFF    FST FLR FIN               647     1.00    647
                                                                                                       BMF    BSMNT FINISHED            220     0.30      66
                                                                                                       CTH    CATHEDRAL                 192     0.10      19
                                                                                                       BMG    BASEMENT                  264     0.20      53
                                                                                                       DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE              21     0.10       2
                                                                                                       GLA:    1,294                  2,299           1,494




                                                                                                           2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                            Market Cost New:           $ 286,549
                                                                                                                   Year Built:              2005
                                                                                                           Condition For Age:  GOOD        10 %
                                                                                                                     Physical:
                                                                                                                  Functional:   CW           2%
                                                                                                                   Economic:
                                                                                                                  Temporary:
                                                                                                           Total Depreciation:             12 %

                                                                                                              Building Value:                    $ 252,200
                                                             PAGE 167
Map: 000401       Lot: 000004          Sub: 000049         Card: 1 of 1           62 COLLINS LANDING #49                    WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                 SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
WALLACE, KERRY                               Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                             06/25/2025 9865   2777   QI         400,000 PERREAULT FAMILY TRUST
                                             05/21/2024 9775   165    U I 38           1 PERREAULT, RICHARD
194 ROLLING HILL DRIVE                       04/18/2023 9694   1891   QI         345,000 MURPHY, KATE
                                             04/05/2019 9157   2853   QI         180,000 HUMAN HORSE BALANCE,
WEARE, NH 03281                              08/17/2018 9100   1685   U I 40           1 LAMBIE, PETER T
            LISTING HISTORY                                                  NOTES
12/10/25 RWVM V-SALE                         GRY; FPL=GAS; 3/09 NOH; EST CTH & STAIRS TO HSF; 9/18 NOH; N/C TO
07/18/23 DMVL                                EXT; CONDO FEE $420/MO; 7/23; CORR'D FLRING; WELL MAINT; DNV
11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION         UFF/HSF; 12/25; NOH; PU AC PER MINI SPLIT, EST % COV;
09/21/18 DMVM MARKED FOR INSPECTION
06/06/14 DMVM
04/23/14  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
03/02/09 DMVM
12/04/08  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                          MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj   Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                      1                    100   5,500.00 100          5,500 GAS                     WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
COLLINS LANDING                        1                    100 120,000.00 100       120,000
                                                                                     125,500
                                                                                                                           PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                    Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                    2024      $ 160,700    $ 95,000            $0
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 255,700
                                                                                                                    2025      $ 160,700    $ 95,000            $0
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 255,700
                                                                                                                    2026      $ 263,300   $ 125,500            $0
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 388,800


                                             LAND VALUATION                                                                    LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL    Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                           Site:               Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type 1F RES                  Neighborhood: F                                                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R     Tax Value Notes

                                0 ac




                                                                             PAGE 168
Map: 000401   Lot: 000004   Sub: 000049       Card: 1 of 1       62 COLLINS LANDING #49                        WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                    TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   WALLACE, KERRY                       District        Percentage     Model: 2.50 STORY CONDO
                                                                                                         Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   194 ROLLING HILL DRIVE                                                  Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                      Floor: LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number:                                                    Heat: GAS/HOT WATER
                                                             PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 3           Baths: 2.0         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type     Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   06/29/05 EL-06-439-05 ELECTRICAL                                      A/C: Yes
                                                                         EL-06-439-05;FOR NEW SFH C/O ISSUED           75.00 %
                                                                                                                 8/29/05                 Generators:
                                   06/29/05 MC-06-454-0 MECHANICAL       MC-06-454-05;FOR NEW SFH - LPG   INSPECTED
                                                                                                      Quality:          BY FIRE
                                                                                                                A1 AVG+10
                                   06/29/05 PL-06-444-05 PLUMBING        PL-06-444-05;FOR NEW SFH C/O
                                                                                                   Com.ISSUED
                                                                                                         Wall: 8/29/05
                                   03/22/05 BP-03-122-0 MISCELLANEOUS    BP-03-122-05;NEW 5-UNIT CONDO #49
                                                                                                     Size Adj: 1.1496               Base Rate: RCD 160.00
                                                                                                                                   Bldg. Rate:         1.2140
                                                                                                                                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 194.24
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                       ID       Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                       BMG    BASEMENT                  264     0.20      53
                                                                                                       BMU    BSMNT                     176     0.15      26
                                                                                                       DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE              64     0.10       6
                                                                                                       OPF    OPEN PORCH                110     0.25      28
                                                                                                       HSF    1/2 STRY FIN              292     0.50    146
                                                                                                       UFF    UPPER FLR FIN             572     1.00    572
                                                                                                       FFF    FST FLR FIN               660     1.00    660
                                                                                                       BMF    BSMNT FINISHED            220     0.30      66
                                                                                                       CTH    CATHEDRAL                 192     0.10      19
                                                                                                       GLA:    1,378                  2,550           1,576




                                                                                                           2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                            Market Cost New:           $ 306,122
                                                                                                                   Year Built:              2006
                                                                                                           Condition For Age:  GOOD        10 %
                                                                                                                     Physical:
                                                                                                                  Functional:   CW           4%
                                                                                                                   Economic:
                                                                                                                  Temporary:
                                                                                                           Total Depreciation:             14 %

                                                                                                              Building Value:                    $ 263,300
                                                             PAGE 169
Map: 000401         Lot: 000004          Sub: 000063         Card: 1 of 1           62 COLLINS LANDING #63                    WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                   SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
EATON FAMILY REVOC TRUST                       Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                               09/08/2025 9886   1945   QI         400,000 FULLER, PAUL GERARD
EATON, RICHARD C & CHRISTNA E TRUSTEES
                                               08/15/2019 9198   2883   QI         235,000 DAVIES, DORY S
62 COLLINS LANDING ROAD UNIT 63                02/19/2019 9146   2928   U I 38             DAVIES, CHRISTOPHER P
                                               02/22/2017 8946   0813   QI         163,000 ARFANAKIS, EUGENIOS
WEARE, NH 03281                                10/20/2016 8909   1162   U I 37     105,000 WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A.
            LISTING HISTORY                                                    NOTES
12/10/25 RWVM V-SALE                           GRY; NO INFO OR TOUR; INT UNIT; CONDO FEE $420/MO; 7/23; NOH; NC TO
07/19/23 DMVM                                  EXT; 12/25; NOH; EXT STILL GD COND; NO EXT CHNG NOTED;
11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
09/24/18 DMVM MARKED FOR INSPECTION
06/06/14 DMVM
04/23/14  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
03/02/09 DMVM
06/23/08 KMVM

                                           EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                          MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                         Units Lngth x Width Size Adj   Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                        1                    100   5,500.00 100          5,500 GAS                     WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
COLLINS LANDING                          1                    100 120,000.00 100       120,000
                                                                                       125,500
                                                                                                                             PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                      Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                      2024      $ 161,400    $ 95,000            $0
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 256,400
                                                                                                                      2025      $ 161,400    $ 95,000            $0
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 256,400
                                                                                                                      2026      $ 256,100   $ 125,500            $0
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 381,600


                                                  LAND VALUATION                                                                 LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93    Minimum Frontage: 200                                                 Site:               Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type 1F RES                    Neighborhood: F                                                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R     Tax Value Notes

                                  0 ac




                                                                               PAGE 170
Map: 000401   Lot: 000004   Sub: 000063       Card: 1 of 1       62 COLLINS LANDING #63                          WEARE                 Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                     TAXABLE DISTRICTS                            BUILDING DETAILS
                                   EATON FAMILY REVOC TRUST              District        Percentage       Model: 2.50 STORY CONDO
                                   EATON, RICHARD C & CHRISTNA E TRUST                                     Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   62 COLLINS LANDING ROAD UNIT 63                                           Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                              Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                         Floor: CARPET/HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:                                                       Heat: GAS/HOT WATER
                                                             PERMITS                                   Bedrooms: 2          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type      Notes                                    Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   04/17/06 MC-04-230-0 MECHANICAL        MC-04-230-06;W/BP-07-548-05 CONDO A/C:   No SFH CONDO
                                                                                                                ;NEW                        Generators:
                                   04/17/06 PL-04-225-06 PLUMBING         PL-04-225-06;W/BP-07-548-05 CONDO;NEW
                                                                                                         Quality: A1SFH    CONDO
                                                                                                                      AVG+10
                                   07/29/05 BP-07-548-0 MISCELLANEOUS     BP-07-548-05;UNIT 2 OF 5-UNIT CONDO
                                                                                                      Com.  Wall: C/O ISSUED 8/1
                                                                                                        Size Adj: 1.1458               Base Rate: RCD 160.00
                                                                                                                                      Bldg. Rate:         1.1737
                                                                                                                                   Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 187.79
                                                                                                                BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                        ID        Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                        UFF     UPPER FLR FIN             572     1.00    572
                                                                                                        FFF     FST FLR FIN               660     1.00    660
                                                                                                        BMG     BASEMENT                  264     0.20      53
                                                                                                        CTH     CATHEDRAL                 168     0.10      17
                                                                                                        BMF     BSMNT FINISHED            220     0.30      66
                                                                                                        BMU     BSMNT                     176     0.15      26
                                                                                                        OPF     OPEN PORCH                110     0.25      28
                                                                                                        HSF     1/2 STRY FIN              316     0.50    158
                                                                                                        DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE              64     0.10       6
                                                                                                        GLA:     1,390                  2,550           1,586




                                                                                                             2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                              Market Cost New:           $ 297,835
                                                                                                                     Year Built:              2006
                                                                                                             Condition For Age:  GOOD        10 %
                                                                                                                       Physical:
                                                                                                                    Functional:   CW           4%
                                                                                                                     Economic:
                                                                                                                    Temporary:
                                                                                                             Total Depreciation:             14 %

                                                                                                                Building Value:                     $ 256,100
                                                             PAGE 171
Map: 000402       Lot: 000067        Sub: 000004        Card: 1 of 1              61 MEADOW DRIVE                        WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                              SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
GARDYNE FAMILY 2024 REVOC TRUST           Date       Book   Page    Type        Price Grantor
                                          06/25/2025 9866   240     QI        620,000 TERRIO, DENNIS A JR
GARDYNE, LOGAN H & BRIANNA G TRUSTEES
                                          01/22/2008 7941   2600    QI        332,200 MERRILL FAMILY HOME
61 MEADOW DRIVE                           02/23/2007 7811   1162   U V 37      72,000 BLUESTONE CAPITAL LLC
                                          02/23/2007 7811   1155   U V 51      50,000 DESJARDINS BUILDER INC
WEARE, NH 03281                           09/01/2005 7537   2827   U V 40             COVINO, ROBERT
            LISTING HISTORY                                               NOTES
12/11/25 RWVM                             TAN; CU 1995;1/03 SALE=16 LOTS;2/03 SALE=15 LOTS;9/05 SALE=2 LOTS;CU
05/15/24 DMVE                             REMOVAL 2005; EST BMF; HO STATES HSE 100% COMPLTE; 08 PELLET
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION      STOVE; 3/17 (4) WALL UNITS W/CONDENSOR=AC; DNPU KIDS PLAYHSE;
05/30/19 DMVM                             5/19; NOH; PU SHED; CHNGD SIZE & CLASS OF FFF/PRS DUE TO HEAT;
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION      WELL MAINT; DNPU COOPS=NV; WOB; 5/24; HO OPT OUT=EST; 12/25; NOH;
03/31/17 DMPR                             EXT COND=GD; PART EST DUE TO FENCES;
02/11/14 DMPR
04/29/13 DMPR

                                       EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                     Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                    1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500 GAS                    WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                          42       6x7           400    17.00   40          1,142
SHED-WOOD                         288     12 x 24         116    17.00 100           5,679 EST
SHED-WOOD                         144     12 x 12         171    17.00 100           4,186 EST                          PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
GAZEBO                            144     12 x 12         171    15.00 100           3,694 EST
                                                                                                                 Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                     20,200                      2024      $ 337,700    $ 12,400      $ 123,400
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 473,500
                                                                                                                 2025      $ 337,700    $ 12,400      $ 123,400
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 473,500
                                                                                                                 2026      $ 489,300    $ 20,200      $ 167,500
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 677,000


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                    LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                                    Site: GOOD Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R     Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  2.290 ac    161,160 F  110   105  100     100 90 -- ROLLING            100     167,500  0 N        167,500
                          2.290 ac                                                                    167,500            167,500




                                                                          PAGE 172
Map: 000402   Lot: 000067   Sub: 000004       Card: 1 of 1             61 MEADOW DRIVE                           WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   GARDYNE FAMILY 2024 REVOC TRU District                 Percentage    Model: 2.00 STORY COLONIAL
                                   GARDYNE, LOGAN H & BRIANNA G TRUS                                     Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   61 MEADOW DRIVE                                                         Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                            Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                       Floor: CARPET/HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:   4,063                                             Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                                PERMITS                              Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures: 9
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type       Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   05/27/16 EL-05-240-16 ELECTRICAL        A/C UNIT MINI SPLIT            A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators:
                                   04/03/13 BP-04-81-13 ALTERATION         ;CHANGE & EXPAND DECK INTO    3 SEASON
                                                                                                       Quality:       PORCH 14X 26
                                                                                                                 A2 AVG+20
                                   05/02/12 EL-05-192-12 ELECTRICAL        EL-05-192-12;ELECTRICAL W/BP-04-151-12
                                                                                                    Com. Wall:      3 SEASON PO
                                   04/10/12 BP-04-151-1 ALTERATION         BP-04-151-12;CHANGE & EXPAND DECK INTO 3 SEASON P
                                   08/23/11 MC-08-405-1 MECHANICAL                                    Size Adj:
                                                                           MC-08-405-11;MECHANICAL WATER          0.8388TANKLESSBase
                                                                                                             HEATER                   & Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   03/23/09 MC-03-91-09 MECHANICAL         MC-03-91-09;MECHANICAL INSTALL FORCED HOT AIR SY         Bldg. Rate:         1.0160
                                   08/25/08 MC-08-484-0 MECHANICAL         MC-08-484-08;MECHANICAL PELLET STOVE;MECHANICAL       Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 162.56
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                        ID        Description         Area    Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                        OPF     OPEN PORCH                45 0.25       11
                                                                                                        UFF     UPPER FLR FIN            980 1.00     980
                                                                                                        FFF     FST FLR FIN             1872 1.00    1872
                                                                                                        BMF     BSMNT FINISHED           980 0.30     294
                                                                                                        VLT     VAULTED                  528 0.05       26
                                                                                                        BMG     BASEMENT                 528 0.20     106
                                                                                                        PRS     PIER                     344 -0.05     -17
                                                                                                        GLA:     2,852                 5,277        3,272




                                                                                                            2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                             Market Cost New:           $ 531,896
                                                                                                                    Year Built:              2007
                                                                                                            Condition For Age:  GOOD          8%
                                                                                                                      Physical:
                                                                                                                   Functional:
                                                                                                                    Economic:
                                                                                                                   Temporary:
                                                                                                            Total Depreciation:               8%

                                                                                                                Building Value:                   $ 489,300
                                                                PAGE 173
Map: 000402         Lot: 000101          Sub: 000000          Card: 1 of 1           196 WALKER HILL ROAD                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                    SALES HISTORY                                             PICTURE
CORDEIRO, MICHAEL & MELISSA                     Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                                07/18/2025 9872   2190   QI         546,000 CHURCH-PUGH, ALISON R
CORDEIRO, CARL EUGENE
                                                06/16/2022 9625   2809   QI         440,000 WELCH, TAMMY LYNN
196 WALKER HILL ROAD                            05/05/2021 9465   1717   U I 38           1 DEMANCHE, TAMMY LYNN
                                                09/06/2018 9106   2941   QI         278,000 POULIOT, STEVE D &
WEARE, NH 03281                        (ET AL.) 08/02/2004 7289   1477   QI         252,000 BREHIO, G&T
            LISTING HISTORY                                                      NOTES
12/11/25 RWVM V-SALE                            GREY; MOST OF SITE IS LEDGE; 3 BR SEPTIC SYSTEM; MODULAR; SLIDER
05/10/24 DMVM                                   IN DA & BMU TO REAR YARD; WALKOUT BSMT; 08 WOODSTOVE; 7/13
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION            NOH; 6/19; NOH; NC TO EXT; 2/23; PU GEN; 5/24; NOH; PU NEW DEK IN
02/27/23 DMPR                                   BACK; EST SOME INT RENOS BEING DONE; AC=MINI SPLITS; 12/25; EXT
06/03/19 DMVM                                   COND=GD; DNVI PER HO; NO EXT CHNG NOTED; GRANITE/SS/ISLAND/GRY
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION            SHAKER CABS IN KITCH
07/01/13 DMVM
01/09/13  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                            MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond       Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                            96      8 x 12         227   17.00   30              1,111 LACKS SIDING           WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
PATIO                                64       8x8           310    7.00   40                556 CONC SLAB
                                                                                           1,700
                                                                                                                             PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                      Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                      2024      $ 245,300     $ 1,200      $ 117,600
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 364,100
                                                                                                                      2025      $ 245,300     $ 1,200      $ 117,600
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 364,100
                                                                                                                      2026      $ 387,900     $ 1,700      $ 177,900
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 567,500


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                                 LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                       Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    100 100 95 -- MILD                 100     166,800  0 N      166,800
1F RES                      3.070 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  90 -- ROLLING              100      11,100  0 N       11,100
                            5.000 ac                                                                       177,900            177,900




                                                                                PAGE 174
Map: 000402   Lot: 000101   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1           196 WALKER HILL ROAD                           WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                         TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   CORDEIRO, MICHAEL & MELISSA               District        Percentage     Model: 1.00 STORY R-RANCH
                                   CORDEIRO, CARL EUGENE                                                     Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   196 WALKER HILL ROAD                                                        Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                                Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                (ET AL.)                                   Floor: CARPET/LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number:   3,210                                                 Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                                  Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures: 9
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type          Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   08/03/22 MP08-333-22 MECHANICAL            2-120 GAL LPG TANKS              A/C: Yes 100.00 %              Generators: 1
                                   07/15/22 MP07-323-22 MECHANICAL            GAS PIPING ONLY              Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                   07/15/22 EL07-324-22 ELECTRICAL            GENERATOR LPG             Com. Wall:
                                   08/14/08 MC-08-466-0 MECHANICAL            MC-08-466-08;WOODSTOVE;MECHANICAL WOODSTOVE
                                   03/14/02 BP-03-105-0 MISCELLANEOUS                                     Size
                                                                              BP-03-105-02;24X14 DECK;24X14    Adj: 0.9326DECK
                                                                                                            DECK;24X14                   Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   07/03/01 MC-07-380-0 MECHANICAL            MC-07-380-01;OIL BURNER PERMIT FOR BP-03-90-01            Bldg. Rate:         1.0669
                                   06/28/01 PL-06-369-01 PLUMBING             PL-06-369-01;PLUMBING PERMIT FOR BP-03-90-01           Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 170.70
                                                                                                                  BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                            ID       Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                            RBF    RAISED BSMNT              882     0.75    662
                                                                                                            RBU    RAISED BSMNT              144     0.25      36
                                                                                                            DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE             513     0.10      51
                                                                                                            BMG    BASEMENT                  540     0.20    108
                                                                                                            FFF    FST FLR FIN              1613     1.00   1613
                                                                                                            GLA:    1,613                  3,692           2,470




                                                                                                                2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                                 Market Cost New:            $ 421,629
                                                                                                                        Year Built:               2001
                                                                                                                Condition For Age: VERY GOOD       8%
                                                                                                                          Physical:
                                                                                                                       Functional:
                                                                                                                        Economic:
                                                                                                                       Temporary:
                                                                                                                Total Depreciation:                8%

                                                                                                                   Building Value:                    $ 387,900
                                                                PAGE 175
Map: 000403         Lot: 000044         Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1            126 BEECH HILL ROAD                    WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                 SALES HISTORY                                            PICTURE
KEATING, TODD H                              Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                             08/15/2025 9880   1179   QI         649,900 RYGIEL, DANIEL C
KEATING, CHRISTINA A
                                             09/12/2019 9208   2458   QI         360,000 MOORE, JOHN M
126 BEECH HILL ROAD                          01/04/2017 8934   0115   QI         299,000 NASON, MARTIN L
                                             08/21/2009 8127   605    U I 39             NASON, VALERIE
WEARE, NH 03281                              11/25/2002 6769   2710   QV          21,000 BROWER, HOWARD
            LISTING HISTORY                                                 NOTES
12/11/25 RWVM V-SALE                         GRY; VERY STEEP, LEDGE; CEILING & FLR JOISTS 2X12, INT WALLS 2X6;
04/30/24 DMVE                                SEASONAL VU DNPU; EXT SIDING=CONC SHINGLES=ABOVE AVG; NV TO
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION         COOP/SHED ATT HSE; 9/15/09 PER BUILDING DEPT;4/16 NOH; PU GAR &
06/18/19 DMVM                                SHED; CUL DE SAC ENCROACHES ON FRONT OF LOT; 6/19; NOH; EXT=GD;
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION         NC TO EXT; 4/24; HO OPT OUT=EST FROM RD; 12/25; INFO @ DOOR; EXT
04/10/18 DMPE                                COND STILL GD; CORR SKETCH;
04/03/17 DMPM
07/29/16 LMHC

                                          EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                       MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                        Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond    Market Value Notes
GARAGE-1.5 STY                       504     18 x 28          92   57.00   90          23,787 LACKS DOORS          WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                            392     14 x 28         101   17.00 100            6,731 ATT GAR
SHED-WOOD                             48       8x6           393   17.00   40           1,283 COOP/EST
                                                                                        31,800                           PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                  Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                  2024      $ 380,400    $ 18,700      $ 111,300
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 510,400
                                                                                                                  2025      $ 380,400    $ 18,700      $ 111,300
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 510,400
                                                                                                                  2026      $ 534,700    $ 31,800      $ 151,200
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 717,700


                                                  LAND VALUATION                                                      LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL     Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                            Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                    Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography     Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                       1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    100 100 85 -- MODERATE 100      149,200  0 N      149,200
1F RES                       0.580 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  85 -- MODERATE 100        2,000  0 N        2,000
                             2.510 ac                                                                   151,200           151,200




                                                                             PAGE 176
Map: 000403   Lot: 000044   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1             126 BEECH HILL ROAD                       WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                          BUILDING DETAILS
                                   KEATING, TODD H                         District       Percentage     Model: 2.00 STORY COLONIAL
                                   KEATING, CHRISTINA A                                                   Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   126 BEECH HILL ROAD                                                      Ext: ABOVE AVG
                                                                                                             Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                        Floor: HARDWOOD/CARPET
                                      Account Number:   1,180                                              Heat: GAS/RAD WATER
                                                                PERMITS                              Bedrooms: 4           Baths: 3.5        Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type        Notes                                 Extra Kitchens: 1        Fireplaces:
                                   07/01/16 BP-07-314-1 RENEWAL             SHED 24'X28' RENEWAL           A/C: No                        Generators:
                                   07/01/16 BP-07-315-1 DECK                DECK 10'X48'                Quality: A3 AVG+30
                                   06/03/15 BP-05-174-1 SHED                SHED 24'X28'             Com. Wall:
                                   11/21/08 BP-11-707-0 RENEWAL             SFH RENEWAL
                                   10/19/07 MC-10-608-0 MECHANICAL          MECHANICAL                 Size Adj: 0.8252              Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   10/19/07 EL-10-607-07 ELECTRICAL         ELECTRICAL SFH W/BP-10-601-07                           Bldg. Rate:         1.0934
                                   10/18/07 BP-10-601-0 RENEWAL             SFH RENEWAL                                          Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 174.94
                                                                                                               BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                         ID       Description          Area      Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                         STO    STORAGE AREA               90    0.20      18
                                                                                                         BMF    BSMNT FINISHED            208    0.30      62
                                                                                                         OPF    OPEN PORCH                431    0.25    108
                                                                                                         DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE             480    0.10      48
                                                                                                         FFF    FST FLR FIN              1594    1.00   1594
                                                                                                         BMU    BSMNT                     660    0.15      99
                                                                                                         CTH    CATHEDRAL                 320    0.10      32
                                                                                                         RBF    RAISED BSMNT              726    0.75    545
                                                                                                         UFF    UPPER FLR FIN             928    1.00    928
                                                                                                         GLA:    2,522                  5,437          3,434




                                                                                                             2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                              Market Cost New:           $ 600,744
                                                                                                                     Year Built:              2003
                                                                                                             Condition For Age:  GOOD        10 %
                                                                                                                       Physical:
                                                                                                                    Functional:   WH           1%
                                                                                                                     Economic:
                                                                                                                    Temporary:
                                                                                                             Total Depreciation:             11 %

                                                                                                                Building Value:                   $ 534,700
                                                                PAGE 177
Map: 000403         Lot: 000089        Sub: 000002         Card: 1 of 1            35 FOX HOLLOW DRIVE                      WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
FIELD, KATE SUSAN GEORGE                    Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            07/02/2025 9868   1074   QI         590,000 KOENIG, CHRISTOPHER W
FIELD, BRIAN MARK
                                            08/07/2020 9331   752    U I 38           1 KOENIG, CHRISTOPHER W
35 FOX HOLLOW DRIVE                         09/24/2015 8792   2673   QI         276,000 WILLIAMSON, JAMES J &
                                            06/11/2003 6954   1103   QI         245,066 CREM DEVELOPMENT
WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                NOTES
12/12/25 RWVM V-SALE                        CRM; SUBDIVIDED FROM 403-89; 29 LOT CLUSTER SUBDIVISION,
05/07/24 DMVM                               APPROVED 2002, PLAN #32086; 1/29TH INTEREST IN COMMON LAND;12/09
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        NOH; ADD PATIO; 12/15 ALL ORIG, WELL MAINT, GRANITE, C-TOPS, TILE
06/20/19 DMVM                               KITCH/HALLWAY, I+E= GOOD; 6/19; NOH; CORR'D PAT SIZE; 5/24; NOH; NC
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        TO EXT; WELL MAINT; 12/25; INFO @ DOOR; EXT COND STILL GD; PER HO
12/18/15 ERVL SALE                          CARPET RMVD;
12/02/09 KCVM
08/23/06  JDHC

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                          MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj  Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
FOX HOLLOW                             1                    100 80,000.00 100          80,000                        WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
PATIO                               203     1 x 203         139      7.00   50            988 9X7/10X14
                                                                                       81,000
                                                                                                                           PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                    Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                    2024      $ 238,800    $ 11,000      $ 122,600
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 372,400
                                                                                                                    2025      $ 238,800    $ 11,000      $ 122,600
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 372,400
                                                                                                                    2026      $ 363,400    $ 81,000      $ 174,800
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 619,200


                                                LAND VALUATION                                                               LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                    Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography             Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.160 ac    153,335 G  120    100    100 100 95 -- MILD              100     174,800  0 N      174,800
                            1.160 ac                                                                      174,800           174,800




                                                                            PAGE 178
Map: 000403   Lot: 000089   Sub: 000002       Card: 1 of 1        35 FOX HOLLOW DRIVE                          WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                    TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   FIELD, KATE SUSAN GEORGE             District        Percentage     Model: 2.00 STORY COLONIAL
                                   FIELD, BRIAN MARK                                                     Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   35 FOX HOLLOW DRIVE                                                     Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                       Floor: HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:                                                     Heat: GAS/HOT WATER
                                                             PERMITS                                Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 1.5         Fixtures: 5
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type     Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   01/20/10 MC-01-20-10 MECHANICAL                                        A/C: No
                                                                         MC-01-20-10;MECHANICAL W/EL-693-09     GAS PIPING FOR           Generators: 1
                                   12/07/09 EL-12-693-09 ELECTRICAL      EL-12-693-09;ELECTRICAL GENERATOR      14 AVG+20
                                                                                                      Quality: A2   KW W/AUTO TR
                                   07/14/05 BP-07-504-0 MISCELLANEOUS    BP-07-504-05;12X18 3-SEASONCom.
                                                                                                     ROOM    - PER ASSESSOR PO
                                                                                                         Wall:
                                   03/10/03 EL-03-62-03 ELECTRICAL       EL-03-62-03;ELECTRICAL W/BP-12-730-02 SFH
                                   02/27/03 PL-02-52-03 PLUMBING                                     Size Adj: SFH
                                                                         PL-02-52-03;PLUMBING W/BP-12-730-02     0.9829             Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   12/13/02 BP-12-730-0 NEW BUILDING     BP-12-730-02;SINGLE FAMILY HOUSE;SINGLE FAMILY HO         Bldg. Rate:         1.1559
                                                                                                                                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 184.94
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                       ID       Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                       GAR    GARAGE                    484     0.45    218
                                                                                                       UFF    UPPER FLR FIN             900     1.00    900
                                                                                                       FFF    FST FLR FIN               840     1.00    840
                                                                                                       BMU    BSMNT                     840     0.15    126
                                                                                                       OPF    OPEN PORCH                396     0.25      99
                                                                                                       GLA:    1,740                  3,460           2,183




                                                                                                           2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                            Market Cost New:           $ 403,724
                                                                                                                   Year Built:              2003
                                                                                                           Condition For Age:  GOOD        10 %
                                                                                                                     Physical:
                                                                                                                  Functional:
                                                                                                                   Economic:
                                                                                                                  Temporary:
                                                                                                           Total Depreciation:             10 %

                                                                                                              Building Value:                    $ 363,400
                                                             PAGE 179
Map: 000403         Lot: 000089        Sub: 000029        Card: 1 of 1            30 FOX HOLLOW DRIVE                      WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                              SALES HISTORY                                                PICTURE
ROHR, TYLER CHRISTOPHER                     Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            03/05/2026 9933 2360   QI         625,000 TANCREDE, ROGER&
                                            08/10/2020 9332 354    U I 38           1 TANCREDE, ROGER M&
30 FOX HOLLOW DRIVE                         01/22/2004 7155 2613   QV          65,000 CREM DEVELOPMENT

WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                               NOTES
06/30/26 DMVM V-SALE                        GRAY1/29TH INTEREST IN COMMON LAND; 5/11 NOH, ADD GENERATOR &
05/07/24 DMVM                               SHED; WELL MAINT; 6/26 NOH, NC TO EXT;
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
06/20/19 DMVM
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
05/27/11 KCVM
08/15/06 BHHC
10/01/04 LMPR

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj  Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
FOX HOLLOW                             1                    100 80,000.00 100         80,000                        WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                           192     16 x 12         143     17.00 100          4,668
                                                                                      84,700
                                                                                                                          PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                   Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2024      $ 237,300    $ 12,700      $ 130,800
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 380,800
                                                                                                                   2025      $ 237,300    $ 12,700      $ 130,800
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 380,800
                                                                                                                   2026      $ 358,900    $ 84,700      $ 179,700
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 623,300


                                                LAND VALUATION                                                               LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                    Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography             Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.690 ac    157,647 G  120    100    100 100 95 -- MILD              100     179,700  0 N      179,700
                            1.690 ac                                                                    179,700            179,700




                                                                           PAGE 180
Map: 000403   Lot: 000089   Sub: 000029       Card: 1 of 1        30 FOX HOLLOW DRIVE                          WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                    TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   ROHR, TYLER CHRISTOPHER              District        Percentage      Model: 2.00 STORY COLONIAL
                                                                                                         Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   30 FOX HOLLOW DRIVE                                                     Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                       Floor: CARPET/HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:                                                     Heat: GAS/HOT WATER
                                                             PERMITS                                 Bedrooms: 3         Baths: 2.5         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type     Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   02/05/04 EL-02-31-04 ELECTRICAL                                        A/C: No
                                                                         EL-02-31-04;ELECTRICAL W/BP-07-430-03;ELECTRICAL        W       Generators: 1
                                   02/05/04 PL-02-37-04 PLUMBING         PL-02-37-04;PLUMBING W/BP-07-430-03
                                                                                                       Quality: SFH;PLUMBING
                                                                                                                A2 AVG+20         W
                                   01/14/04 SR-01-14-04 SEPTIC           SR-01-14-04;SEPTIC REVIEW Com. Wall:
                                   07/22/03 BP-07-430-0 MISCELLANEOUS    BP-07-430-03;SFH;SFH C/O ISSUED 3/24/04
                                   06/24/03 SR-06-345-03 SEPTIC          SR-06-345-03;SEPTIC REVIEW Size Adj: 0.9926                Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                   Bldg. Rate:         1.1673
                                                                                                                                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 186.77
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                       ID       Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                       DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE             144     0.10      14
                                                                                                       UFF    UPPER FLR FIN             884     1.00    884
                                                                                                       FFF    FST FLR FIN               884     1.00    884
                                                                                                       BMU    BSMNT                     884     0.15    133
                                                                                                       GAR    GARAGE                    484     0.45    218
                                                                                                       ENT    ENTRY WAY                  18     0.10       2
                                                                                                       GLA:    1,768                  3,298           2,135




                                                                                                           2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                            Market Cost New:           $ 398,754
                                                                                                                   Year Built:              2003
                                                                                                           Condition For Age:  GOOD        10 %
                                                                                                                     Physical:
                                                                                                                  Functional:
                                                                                                                   Economic:
                                                                                                                  Temporary:
                                                                                                           Total Depreciation:             10 %

                                                                                                              Building Value:                    $ 358,900
                                                             PAGE 181
Map: 000403         Lot: 000091        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1          1025 CONCORD STAGE ROAD                   WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                              SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
SURDAM, BENJAMIN ALEXANDER                  Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            07/30/2025 9875 1879   QI         450,000 VIGNOLA, DIANE REVOC
ROHRSCHEIB, MEGAN
                                            04/09/2025 9846 2366   U I 38           1 VIGNOLA, ARTHUR
1025 CONCORD STAGE ROAD


WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                 NOTES
02/02/26 DMPR                               NAT; 6/8; E-GD; I-AVG; SMALL CEILING STAIN FROM PRIOR LEAK; KITCH
12/12/25 RWVM V-SALE                        HAS NEW WALLS FROM WTR PROBLEM NEAR CHIMNEY; 7/19; CORR'D VLT
01/25/24 KOVM                               SIZE & DRWY; PU SHED; DNPU PORT GEN; PELLET STV IN BSMT ON
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        HEARTH; NEW ROOF IN 2012; FMICA/PLYWD CABINETS; IN O/D; EXT=GD;
07/09/19 DMVL                               12/25; NOH; EXT COND=GD; PU AC FOR '26, INSTALLED AFTER SALE; 2/26;
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        NOH; PU MINI SPLITS=HEAT/AC;
06/09/08 CRVL
06/02/08  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                      1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500 WDSTVE INSERT         WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                            60      12 x 5         327    17.00   20            667
SHED-WOOD                           120     12 x 10         193    17.00   80          3,150
                                                                                      9,300                              PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                  Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                  2024      $ 188,900     $ 5,200      $ 100,100
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 294,200
                                                                                                                  2025      $ 188,900     $ 5,200      $ 100,100
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 294,200
                                                                                                                  2026      $ 319,000     $ 9,300      $ 144,400
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 472,700


                                                LAND VALUATION                                                             LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                  Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography           Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.000 ac    152,033 E  100    100    100 100 95 -- MILD            100     144,400  0 N      144,400
                            1.000 ac                                                                  144,400             144,400




                                                                           PAGE 182
Map: 000403   Lot: 000091   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1         1025 CONCORD STAGE ROAD                       WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                          BUILDING DETAILS
                                   SURDAM, BENJAMIN ALEXANDER              District       Percentage    Model: 1.00 STORY TRI-LEVEL
                                   ROHRSCHEIB, MEGAN                                                      Roof: GABLE OR HIP/RUBBER MEMBRANE
                                   1025 CONCORD STAGE ROAD                                                 Ext: CEDAR/REDWD
                                                                                                            Int: DRYWALL/PLYWOOD/PANEL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                       Floor: CARPET
                                      Account Number:   3,353                                             Heat: ELECTRIC/HEAT PUMP
                                                                PERMITS                              Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 1.5         Fixtures: 5
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type         Notes                                Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   08/25/25 MP08-25-25 MECHANICAL           6MINI SPLITS,2 HT PUMPS       A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators:
                                   08/25/25 EL08-416-25 ELECTRICAL          2 HT.PUMPS,6 MINI SPLITS   Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                                                                                     Com. Wall:
                                                                                                      Size Adj: 1.0266               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                    Bldg. Rate:         1.1970
                                                                                                                                 Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 191.52
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                         ID       Description          Area      Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                         FFF    FST FLR FIN              1413    1.00   1413
                                                                                                         RBF    RAISED BSMNT              630    0.75    473
                                                                                                         OPF    OPEN PORCH                171    0.25      43
                                                                                                         RBU    RAISED BSMNT               90    0.25      23
                                                                                                         DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE              72    0.10       7
                                                                                                         VLT    VAULTED                   474    0.05      24
                                                                                                         SLB    SLAB                      693    0.00       0
                                                                                                         GLA:    1,413                  3,543          1,983




                                                                                                             2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                              Market Cost New:           $ 379,784
                                                                                                                     Year Built:              1976
                                                                                                             Condition For Age:  GOOD        16 %
                                                                                                                       Physical:
                                                                                                                    Functional:
                                                                                                                     Economic:
                                                                                                                    Temporary:
                                                                                                             Total Depreciation:             16 %

                                                                                                                Building Value:                   $ 319,000
                                                                PAGE 183
Map: 000403         Lot: 000105        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1                  23 DAVIS ROAD                      WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
WHITE, DEANNA                               Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            08/08/2025 9878   1225   QI         533,500 ZASLAW, RICHARD ALLAN
WHITE, AARON
                                            05/11/2021 9468   0827   QI         364,000 MARDEN, HOLLY Z
23 DAVIS ROAD                               07/30/2018 9095   0664   U I 38           1 MARDEN, ANTHONY PAUL

WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                 NOTES
12/12/25 RWVM V-SALE                        GRY; 6/19; HO NOT HOME DNVI; CORR'D POOL, BACK DEKS, OPF & PVD
09/19/24 DMCL                               DRWY; EXT=GD; 5/24; HO OPT OUT=EST; INFO EST ON LISTING ONLINE;
05/01/24 DMVE                               9/24; CORR INT INFO; FMICA/WD CABS IN KIT; NEW ROOF & SEPTIC IN
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        2021; 12/25; INFO PER HO; EXT ONLY; GD COND; NO UPDATES PER HO;
06/27/19 DMVM
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
04/26/10 BHPM
09/30/05 BNUX

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
GARAGE-1 STY/ATTIC                  676     26 x 26          84    55.00 100          31,231                         WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
POOL-ABOVE GROUND                   374     22 x 17         103    11.00   60          2,542 ROUND
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                      1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500 GAS
                                                                                       39,300                             PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                   Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2024      $ 254,100    $ 23,100       $ 87,900
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 365,100
                                                                                                                   2025      $ 254,100    $ 23,100       $ 87,900
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 365,100
                                                                                                                   2026      $ 351,400    $ 39,300      $ 152,600
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 543,300


                                                LAND VALUATION                                                                LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: DIRT/GRAVEL
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography             Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.210 ac    153,742 F  110    100    95  100 95 -- MILD              100     152,600     0 N    152,600
                            1.210 ac                                                                    152,600            152,600




                                                                            PAGE 184
Map: 000403   Lot: 000105   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1                 23 DAVIS ROAD                           WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                              OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   WHITE, DEANNA                            District        Percentage     Model: 1.75 STORY CAPE
                                   WHITE, AARON                                                              Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   23 DAVIS ROAD                                                              Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                               Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                          Floor: PINE/SOFT WD/LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number:   1,991                                                Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                                 Bedrooms: 4          Baths: 3.5         Fixtures: 12
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type         Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   12/06/21 SP12-581-21 SEPTIC               SEPTIC                           A/C: No                        Generators:
                                   11/10/11 MC-11-585-1 MECHANICAL           MC-11-585-11;MECHANICAL LPGQuality:
                                                                                                            GAS PIPING;MECHANICA
                                                                                                                    A1 AVG+10
                                   06/16/09 EL-06-249-09 ELECTRICAL          EL-06-249-09;ELECTRICAL W/BP-04-134-09
                                                                                                        Com. Wall:    ADDITION
                                   05/01/09 EL-05-144-09 ELECTRICAL          EL-05-144-09;ELECTRICAL W/BP-04-134-09 CHANGE METE
                                   04/23/09 BP-04-134-0 MISCELLANEOUS                                    Size14X24;ADDITION
                                                                             BP-04-134-09;ADDITION, 2 STORY   Adj: 0.9285        2 ST Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   05/23/02 SW-05-273-0 SWIMMING POOL        SW-05-273-02;ABOVE GROUND POOL                            Bldg. Rate:         1.0109
                                   09/13/00 EL-09-531-00 ELECTRICAL          EL-09-531-00;ELECTRICAL PERMIT                         Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 161.75
                                                                                                                 BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                           ID       Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                           BMG    BASEMENT                  260     0.20      52
                                                                                                           BMU    BSMNT                     624     0.15      94
                                                                                                           DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE             420     0.10      42
                                                                                                           OPF    OPEN PORCH                280     0.25      70
                                                                                                           FFF    FST FLR FIN              1220     1.00   1220
                                                                                                           TQF    3/4 STRY FIN             1220     0.75    915
                                                                                                           BMF    BSMNT FINISHED            336     0.30    101
                                                                                                           ENT    ENTRY WAY                  30     0.10       3
                                                                                                           GLA:    2,135                  4,390           2,497




                                                                                                               2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                                Market Cost New:           $ 403,890
                                                                                                                       Year Built:              1988
                                                                                                               Condition For Age:  GOOD        13 %
                                                                                                                         Physical:
                                                                                                                      Functional:
                                                                                                                       Economic:
                                                                                                                      Temporary:
                                                                                                               Total Depreciation:             13 %

                                                                                                                  Building Value:                    $ 351,400
                                                                PAGE 185
Map: 000403         Lot: 000107        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1               14 DAVIS ROAD                       WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
          OWNER INFORMATION                                             SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
GRIFFITHS, HYWEL JOHN                       Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            04/09/2025 9846 2611   QI         360,000 DAVIS ROAD LLC
                                            12/16/2024 9824 2671   U I 81     192,000 PECK, SHAWN
349 BRICKETT HILL ROAD


PEMBROKE, NH 03275
             LISTING HISTORY                                              NOTES
 01/29/26 DMPR                              GRN, YB=EST;4/25 CORR FLOORS/BMF PER MLS/FULL RENOV-GUTTED AND
 12/12/25 RWVM V-SALE                       REDONE, GRANITE KITCH & BATH; 12/25; INFO @ DOOR; EXT COND GD;
 05/01/24 DMVM                              CORR FLR PER HO; 1/26; NOH; RMV FRNT DEK; NEW ROOF IN 2025;
 01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
 06/27/19 DMVM
 01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
 12/02/09 KCVM
 11/17/09  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                       MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate Cond     Market Value Notes
                                                                                                                  WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE

                                                                                                                        PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                 Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                 2024      $ 103,700          $0       $ 82,000
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 185,700
                                                                                                                 2025      $ 118,100          $0       $ 82,000
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 200,100
                                                                                                                 2026      $ 201,100          $0      $ 139,500
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 340,600


                                                LAND VALUATION                                                            LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                      Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: DIRT/GRAVEL
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography           Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.500 ac    156,101 F  110    100    95  95  90 -- ROLLING         100     139,500  0 N     139,500
                            1.500 ac                                                                   139,500           139,500




                                                                          PAGE 186
Map: 000403   Lot: 000107   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1                14 DAVIS ROAD                     WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                             OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                      BUILDING DETAILS
                                   GRIFFITHS, HYWEL JOHN                   District    Percentage      Model: 1.00 STORY RANCH
                                                                                                         Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   349 BRICKETT HILL ROAD                                                 Ext: CLAP BOARD
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   PEMBROKE, NH 03275                                                   Floor: LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number: 2,877                                              Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                               PERMITS                              Bedrooms: 2          Baths: 1.0         Fixtures:
                                    Date   Permit ID   Permit Type          Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                                                                                         A/C: No                         Generators:
                                                                                                      Quality: A0 AVG
                                                                                                    Com. Wall:
                                                                                                     Size Adj: 1.4307               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                   Bldg. Rate:         1.3162
                                                                                                                                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 210.60
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                    ID       Description           Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                    FFF    FST FLR FIN                864     1.00    864
                                                                                                    DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE               80     0.10       8
                                                                                                    ENT    ENTRY WAY                   20     0.10       2
                                                                                                    BMF    BSMNT FINISHED             464     0.30    139
                                                                                                    BMU    BSMNT                      400     0.15      60
                                                                                                    GLA:    864                     1,828           1,073




                                                                                                       2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                        Market Cost New:            $ 225,974
                                                                                                               Year Built:               1985
                                                                                                       Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     11 %
                                                                                                                 Physical:
                                                                                                              Functional:
                                                                                                               Economic:
                                                                                                              Temporary:
                                                                                                       Total Depreciation:              11 %

                                                                                                           Building Value:                      $ 201,100
                                                               PAGE 187
Map: 000403         Lot: 000148        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 2         95B SHERWOOD FOREST ROAD                    WEARE             Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
HAMEL, BRITTANY                             Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            06/24/2025 9865   1177   QI         620,000 ARAIZA, JUAN
KELLY, KIM
                                            09/01/2016 8892   1623   U I 37     281,000 KEY, NICHOLAS S
95 SHERWOOD FOREST ROAD                     06/03/2015 8757   0606   U I 51     165,000 CLUCHE, EDWARD L &

WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                NOTES
12/12/25 RWVE V-SALE                        RED; INT AVG COND, 32X36 GAR=SHOP, 28X36 GAR=OPEN 2 STORY;
01/30/24 KOVM                               SEASONAL VIEW-DNPU; 1/09; 1 BDRM LACKS CLOSET; CHANGED 10X12
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        OPF TO FFF/BMU; ADDED STO/UFU/ P/U LN-TO/ NEW ROOF; (CONCRETE)
01/27/22 DMPR                               JACUZZI TUB BUILT IN POOL WILL=COND; 1/24; DNV, INT INFO FROM HO;
02/01/21 DMPM                               12/25; POSTED NT, NOH; EST @ DW; APPRS GD COND;
02/24/20 DMPM
02/12/19 DMVM
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond    Market Value Notes
STABLES                             288     24 x 12         116   36.00   60           7,216 ATT GAR                WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
POOL-INGRND-GUNITE                  602     602 x 1          87   75.00   80          31,424 16X32+9X10
PATIO                               250     10 x 25         124    7.00   80           1,736 FIREPIT/EST/SHAPE
GAZEBO                              288     16 x 18         116   15.00   80           4,009                              PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
PATIO                               949     1 x 949          77    7.00   80           4,092 EST/SHAPE/SNOW
                                                                                                                   Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                       48,500                      2024      $ 355,200    $ 45,800      $ 152,500
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 553,500
                                                                                                                   2025      $ 355,200    $ 45,800      $ 152,500
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 553,500
                                                                                                                   2026      $ 168,800    $ 48,500      $ 195,000 (c)
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 754,600
                                                                                                                                 (Card Total: $ 412,300)
                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                              LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                    Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography             Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
2F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    100 100 100 -- LEVEL            100     175,600  0 N      175,600 2 SITES
2F RES                      5.380 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  90 -- ROLLING           100      19,400  0 N       19,400
                            7.310 ac                                                                    195,000            195,000




                                                                            PAGE 188
Map: 000403   Lot: 000148   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 2     95B SHERWOOD FOREST ROAD                        WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                     TAXABLE DISTRICTS                          BUILDING DETAILS
                                   HAMEL, BRITTANY                       District       Percentage     Model: 2.00 STORY BARN-CONV
                                   KELLY, KIM                                                            Roof: GABLE OR HIP/PREFAB METALS
                                   95 SHERWOOD FOREST ROAD                                                Ext: BOARD/BATTEN
                                                                                                          Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                      Floor: CARPET
                                      Account Number:   538                                              Heat: GAS/FA NO DUCTS
                                                              PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 1         Baths: 1.0         Fixtures: 3
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type      Notes                                Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   05/03/17 EL-05-201-17 ELECTRICAL       ELECTRICAL PANEL & (2) METERSA/C: No                          Generators:
                                   06/03/15 EL-05-137-15 ELECTRICAL       ELECTRICAL METERS (2) EL-05-137-15
                                                                                                      Quality: B2 AVG-20
                                   06/03/13 EL-05-196-13 ELECTRICAL       RECONNECT (2) METERS HOUSECom. Wall:
                                   06/07/02 MC-06-321-0 MECHANICAL        OIL BURNER
                                   06/04/02 EL-06-301-02 ELECTRICAL       ELECTRICAL W/BP-09-614-01 Size Adj: 1.0285               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   05/06/02 EL-05-233-02 ELECTRICAL       ELECTRICAL W/BP-09-614-01                               Bldg. Rate:         0.7418
                                   09/20/01 BP-09-614-0 NEW BUILDING      NEW HOUSE                                            Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 118.69
                                                                                                            BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                       ID       Description          Area      Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                       DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE             582    0.10      58
                                                                                                       FFF    FST FLR FIN               120    1.00    120
                                                                                                       BMU    BSMNT                     120    0.15      18
                                                                                                       TQF    3/4 STRY FIN             1057    0.75    793
                                                                                                       GAR    GARAGE                   1960    0.45    882
                                                                                                       UFU    UPPER FLR                  95    0.25      24
                                                                                                       STO    STORAGE AREA              400    0.20      80
                                                                                                       GLA:    913                    4,334          1,975




                                                                                                           2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                            Market Cost New:           $ 234,413
                                                                                                                   Year Built:              1986
                                                                                                           Condition For Age: AVERAGE      18 %
                                                                                                                     Physical:
                                                                                                                  Functional:   LOD        10 %
                                                                                                                   Economic:
                                                                                                                  Temporary:
                                                                                                           Total Depreciation:             28 %

                                                                                                              Building Value:                   $ 168,800
                                                              PAGE 189
Map: 000403        Lot: 000148          Sub: 000000        Card: 2 of 2        95A SHERWOOD FOREST ROAD                     WEARE             Printed:    08/11/2026
          OWNER INFORMATION                                            SALES HISTORY                                                  PICTURE
HAMEL, BRITTANY                               Date      Book Page   Type       Price Grantor
KELLY, KIM
95 SHERWOOD FOREST ROAD


WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                   NOTES
12/12/25 RWVE V-SALE                         GRY; BRICK WOODSTOVE HEARTH IN LR; 4/18; PU PATIO NEXT TO CAPE;
01/30/24 KOVL                                2/19; NOH; NC TO EXT; 1/24; PU BMF, CORR FLRING, HEARTH ONLY-NO FPL;
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION         PU SHED; GRANITE/PINE CABS; MINI SPLIT BMF ONLY; DNPU BMF BDRM,
02/12/19 DMVM                                NO CLOSET/BELOW GRADE; 3-FIX BTH RM W/WALK-IN TILE SHOWER, HO
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION         STATED WILL BE FIN BY 4-1-24; 12/25; POSTED NT, NO ANS @ DOOR; EST
04/10/18 DMPM                                ONLY; EXT COND GD;
04/28/16 DMVM
01/29/09 DMVL

                                          EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                        Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate   Cond    Market Value Notes
PATIO                                268     1 x 268         120    7.00 100           2,251 EST/SNOW                WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                             96      12 x 8         227   17.00 100           3,705
                                                                                      6,000
                                                                                                                           PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                    Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                    2026      $ 336,300     $ 6,000            $ 0 (c)
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 754,600




                                                                                                                             (Card Total: $ 342,300)
                                                   LAND VALUATION                                                          LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone:   Minimum Acreage:   Minimum Frontage:                                                         Site:           Driveway:                Road:                  .


Land Type 2F RES                   Neighborhood:                                               Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes

                                 0 ac




                                                                           PAGE 190
Map: 000403   Lot: 000148   Sub: 000000       Card: 2 of 2     95A SHERWOOD FOREST ROAD                   WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                     TAXABLE DISTRICTS                      BUILDING DETAILS
                                   HAMEL, BRITTANY                       District    Percentage      Model: 1.75 STORY CAPE
                                   KELLY, KIM                                                          Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   95 SHERWOOD FOREST ROAD                                              Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                         Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                    Floor: LAMINATE/VINYL/HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:   538                                            Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                              PERMITS                             Bedrooms: 2          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures: 8
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type       Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   10/29/18 SW-10-612-1 RENEWAL           RENEWAL IN-GND POOL          A/C: Yes 25.00 %                Generators:
                                   09/06/17 SW-09-498-1 SWIMMING POOL     IN-GND POOL 20'X40'       Quality: A2 AVG+20
                                                                                                  Com. Wall:
                                                                                                   Size Adj: 1.0209               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                 Bldg. Rate:         1.1766
                                                                                                                              Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 188.25
                                                                                                           BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                  ID       Description           Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                  OPF    OPEN PORCH                 200     0.25      50
                                                                                                  EPU    COVERED BSMNT               30     0.35      11
                                                                                                  TQF    3/4 STRY FIN               974     0.75    731
                                                                                                  FFF    FST FLR FIN                956     1.00    956
                                                                                                  BMF    BSMNT FINISHED             766     0.30    230
                                                                                                  BMU    BSMNT                      191     0.15      29
                                                                                                  GLA:    1,687                   3,117           2,007




                                                                                                     2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                      Market Cost New:           $ 377,818
                                                                                                             Year Built:              2002
                                                                                                     Condition For Age:  GOOD        11 %
                                                                                                               Physical:
                                                                                                            Functional:
                                                                                                             Economic:
                                                                                                            Temporary:
                                                                                                     Total Depreciation:             11 %

                                                                                                         Building Value:                      $ 336,300
                                                              PAGE 191
Map: 000403         Lot: 000156        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1         6 SHERWOOD FOREST ROAD                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
REDECKER, JEFFREY                           Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            07/15/2025 9871   1831   QI         695,000 SHORTER FAMILY TRUST
REDECKER, CRIONA LAFFAN
                                            03/29/2022 9602   584    U I 38           1 SHORTER, JEFFREY W
6 SHERWOOD FOREST ROAD                      08/28/2020 9340   2593   QI         467,000 HOLM, TODD J & VICTORIA
                                            07/02/2018 9087   1087   QI         420,000 GARCIA, STEVEN &
WEARE, NH 03281                             03/18/2009 8066   1198   U I 44             GARCIA TO TRUST
            LISTING HISTORY                                                 NOTES
12/12/25 RWVM V-SALE                        BGE; BARN IS INS & FIN'D W/ T & G PINE 2ND FLOOR AND ROUGH PINE 1ST
01/29/24 KOVL                               FLOOR; NO FIREPLACE-PELLET STOVE; EXT IN EXC SHAPE FOR AGE; 7/19;
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        NOH; PU GEN & OPF; CHNGD OPF TO EPF; WELL MAINT; WOB; PU CTH;
01/27/22 DMPR                               DNPU SMALL RM ON FFF AS BEDRM; GRANITE/WD CABINETS IN KIT
10/07/20 DMVM VERIFY SALE                   W/B-BLOCK ISLAND; 04/21; PER MLS CUSTOM TILE MULTI HEAD SHOWER
10/30/19 DMCL                               IN MSTR; NO DOT APPROVAL FOR SUB = COND; 1/22; NEW SEPTIC 2021;
07/02/19 DMVM                               ADDED AC TO ADDTN PER HO NOT THE ORIG HSE; 1/24; PU NEW PVD DWY;
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        12/25; NOH; EXT COND=V.GD, WELL MAINT;
                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond    Market Value Notes
BARN-1STRY/LOFT                     560     20 x 28          89   31.00 150           23,176                        WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                           120     12 x 10         193   17.00 100            3,937 ATT TO 12X7
DECK                                 84      12 x 7         250    7.00   80           1,176 ATT TO 12X10
CARPORT WOOD                        286     11 x 26         116   15.00 125            6,221 ATT BARN/SLB                PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
CARPORT WOOD                        234      9 x 26         128   15.00 125            5,616 ATT BARN/SLB
                                                                                                                  Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                       40,100                     2024      $ 342,400    $ 28,600      $ 147,700
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 518,700
                                                                                                                  2025      $ 342,400    $ 28,600      $ 147,700
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 518,700
                                                                                                                  2026      $ 478,900    $ 40,100      $ 205,800
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 724,800


                                                  LAND VALUATION                                                               LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                         Site: GOOD Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                    Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography            Cond Ad Valorem SPI R    Tax Value Notes
1F RES                       1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   105   100  100 100 -- LEVEL           100     184,300  0 N       184,300
1F RES                       5.070 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  95 -- MILD             100      19,300  0 N        19,300
1F RES                     400.000 ff      x 100 F   110                                           5       2,200  0 N          2,200
                            7.000 ac                                                                    205,800           205,800




                                                                            PAGE 192
Map: 000403   Lot: 000156   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1       6 SHERWOOD FOREST ROAD                        WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                     TAXABLE DISTRICTS                          BUILDING DETAILS
                                   REDECKER, JEFFREY                     District       Percentage    Model: 1.50 STORY CAPE
                                   REDECKER, CRIONA LAFFAN                                              Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   6 SHERWOOD FOREST ROAD                                                Ext: CLAP BOARD
                                                                                                          Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                     Floor: PINE/SOFT WD/HARD TILE
                                      Account Number:   898                                             Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                              PERMITS                              Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures: 9
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type      Notes                                Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   11/10/21 SE-11-561-21 SEPTIC           REPLACE SEPTIC ECA2021102775 A/C: Yes 75.00 %                 Generators: 1
                                   06/18/21 MC-06-228-2 MECHANICAL        AC UNIT                    Quality: A2 AVG+20
                                   06/21/05 BP-06-410-0 ADDITION          FINISH 2ND FLR RENOVATIONCom. Wall:
                                   06/23/04 MC-06-384-0 MECHANICAL        MECHANICAL
                                   10/03/03 EL-10-630-03 ELECTRICAL       ELECTRICAL W/BP-05-251-03 Size Adj: 0.7818               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   05/21/03 BP-05-251-0 MISCELLANEOUS     ADDITION /REHAB                                         Bldg. Rate:         0.9659
                                   05/18/99 BP-05-184-9 NEW BUILDING      8X12 FARMERS PORCH                                   Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 154.55
                                                                                                            BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                       ID       Description          Area      Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                       EPF    ENCLOSED                  180    0.70    126
                                                                                                       UFF    UPPER FLR FIN             460    1.00    460
                                                                                                       RBU    RAISED BSMNT              460    0.25    115
                                                                                                       DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE             428    0.10      43
                                                                                                       TQF    3/4 STRY FIN              413    0.75    310
                                                                                                       OPF    OPEN PORCH                324    0.25      81
                                                                                                       GAR    GARAGE                    448    0.45    202
                                                                                                       ATF    ATTIC FINISHED            334    0.25      84
                                                                                                       CRL    CRAWL SPACE               331    0.05      17
                                                                                                       HSF    1/2 STRY FIN              768    0.50    384
                                                                                                       FFF    FST FLR FIN              2017    1.00   2017
                                                                                                       BMU    BSMNT                    1226    0.15    184
                                                                                                       CTH    CATHEDRAL                 538    0.10      54
                                                                                                       GLA:    3,255                  7,927          4,077




                                                                                                           2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                            Market Cost New:            $ 630,100
                                                                                                                   Year Built:               1844
                                                                                                           Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     24 %
                                                                                                                     Physical:
                                                                                                                  Functional:
                                                                                                                   Economic:
                                                                                                                  Temporary:
                                                                                                           Total Depreciation:              24 %

                                                                                                              Building Value:                   $ 478,900
                                                              PAGE 193
Map: 000403       Lot: 000181        Sub: 000004        Card: 1 of 1                57 LYNDSEY LANE                      WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                           SALES HISTORY                                                 PICTURE
                                         .
CARVER, WILLIAM                            Date       Book Page Type         Price Grantor
                                           01/30/2026 9926 346   QI        450,000 FILKINS, PERRY C
CARVER, SAMANTHA
                                           09/30/2022 9656 579   QI        367,000 BEGIN, GREGORY C
57 LYNDSEY LANE                            12/26/2000 6333 1059 Q I        149,933 PROULX, DENNIS
                                           05/27/1999 6109 727 U V 18       42,500 ASSETT RESOLUTION
WEARE, NH 03281                            09/01/1994 5577 1395 U V 18      21,000 MOORE, DAVID A.
            LISTING HISTORY                                               NOTES
06/30/26 DMVM V-SALE                      GREY; WOODED; SLOPES; SOME LEDGE; APPROVED SUBDIVISON 10/25/89;
05/08/24 DMVM                             CLUSTER SUBDIVISION, 1/9TH INTEREST IN COMMON LAND; FIXT=2,3;
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION      INT=AVG, EXT= AVG; 6/8; 3 RMS UPSTAIRS 1 SMALL+NO CLOSET=DNPU;
07/02/19 DMVM                             7/19; NOH; EXT=GD; 5/24; NOH; CORR'D BSMT; WELL MAINT; 6/26 NOH, NC
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION      TO EXT;
09/19/11 LMHC
06/12/08 CRVL
06/02/08  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                       EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                     Units Lngth x Width Size Adj  Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
LYNDSEY LANE                         1                    100 20,000.00 100         20,000                        WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
                                                                                    20,000

                                                                                                                        PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                 Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                 2024      $ 176,500    $ 10,000       $ 96,400
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 282,900
                                                                                                                 2025      $ 176,500    $ 10,000       $ 96,400
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 282,900
                                                                                                                 2026      $ 291,100    $ 20,000      $ 139,400
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 450,500


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                 LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                              Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  0.520 ac    140,800 F  110   100  100     100 90 -- ROLLING            100     139,400  0 N      139,400
                          0.520 ac                                                                    139,400            139,400




                                                                         PAGE 194
Map: 000403   Lot: 000181   Sub: 000004       Card: 1 of 1                 57 LYNDSEY LANE                          WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                         TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   CARVER, WILLIAM                           District        Percentage     Model: 2.00 STORY GARRISON
                                   CARVER, SAMANTHA                                                           Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   57 LYNDSEY LANE                                                              Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                                Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                            Floor: CARPET/HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:   4,223                                                  Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                                  Bedrooms: 2          Baths: 1.5         Fixtures: 5
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type          Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   11/14/00 MC-11-700-0 MECHANICAL            MC-11-700-00;BURNER PERMIT;SEPTICA/C: REVIEWS
                                                                                                                     No         (6)           Generators:
                                   11/14/00 PL-11-699-00 PLUMBING             PL-11-699-00;PLUMBING PERMIT;SEPTIC
                                                                                                           Quality: A1 REVIEWS
                                                                                                                         AVG+10 (6)
                                   10/12/00 BP-10-627-0 NEW BUILDING          BP-10-627-00;NEW HOUSE;NEW   SFWall:
                                                                                                         Com.  RESIDENTIAL;NEW HOU
                                   10/10/00 EL-10-617-00 ELECTRICAL           EL-10-617-00;ELECTRICAL PERMIT;SEPTIC REVIEWS (6)
                                   05/18/99 SE-05-185-99 SEPTIC                                           Size Adj: REVIEWS
                                                                              SE-05-185-99;6 SEPTIC REVIEWS;SEPTIC    1.0545     (6)     Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                        Bldg. Rate:         1.0913
                                                                                                                                     Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 174.60
                                                                                                                  BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                            ID       Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                            UFF    UPPER FLR FIN             864     1.00    864
                                                                                                            FFF    FST FLR FIN               832     1.00    832
                                                                                                            BMU    BSMNT                     224     0.15      34
                                                                                                            BMG    BASEMENT                  464     0.20      93
                                                                                                            RBU    RAISED BSMNT              144     0.25      36
                                                                                                            DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE             140     0.10      14
                                                                                                            GLA:    1,696                  2,668           1,873




                                                                                                                2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                                 Market Cost New:           $ 327,026
                                                                                                                        Year Built:              2000
                                                                                                                Condition For Age:  GOOD        11 %
                                                                                                                          Physical:
                                                                                                                       Functional:
                                                                                                                        Economic:
                                                                                                                       Temporary:
                                                                                                                Total Depreciation:             11 %

                                                                                                                   Building Value:                    $ 291,100
                                                                PAGE 195
Map: 000403         Lot: 000220          Sub: 000107         Card: 1 of 1          732-7 CONCORD STAGE ROAD                  WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                 SALES HISTORY                                                PICTURE
BYAM, SUSAN E                                  Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                               05/15/2026 9953 238    QI         130,000 ROUX, JUDY G
                                               04/25/2006 7663 2753   U I 54      26,667 SUGAR HILL MANOR MOBIL
231 STARK HIGHWAY SOUTH                        04/01/1992 5245 1123   QI          12,000

DUNBARTON, NH 03046
            LISTING HISTORY                                                   NOTES
01/05/24 DMVM                                  WHITE; SEMI-VAULTED CEILINGS THROUGHOUT; 6/8; DNPU VLT
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION           CEILING=LOW; WIDER THAN MOST SINGLE WIDES; 5/19; DNPU OIL TANK
05/10/19 DMVL                                  COVER=5X5; FMICA/PRESS; 1/24; NOH; NC TO EXT; PARK RENT=$400/MO;
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
04/04/17 DMPR
09/19/11 LMHC
06/09/08 CRVL
06/02/08  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                           EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                         Units Lngth x Width Size Adj  Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                             168     12 x 14         155     17.00   60          2,656 ATT 14X6               WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
LEAN-TO                                84      6 x 14         250      4.00   50            420 ATT 14X12
732 CONCORD STAGE                        1                    100 44,000.00 100          44,000
                                                                                         47,100                             PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                     Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                     2024       $ 28,700    $ 36,000            $0
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 64,700
                                                                                                                     2025       $ 28,700    $ 36,000            $0
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 64,700
                                                                                                                     2026       $ 90,000    $ 47,100            $0
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 137,100


                                                  LAND VALUATION                                                                LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93    Minimum Frontage: 200                                                Site:               Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type 1F RES                    Neighborhood: E                                               Cond Ad Valorem SPI R     Tax Value Notes

                                  0 ac




                                                                              PAGE 196
Map: 000403   Lot: 000220   Sub: 000107       Card: 1 of 1      732-7 CONCORD STAGE ROAD                        WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                          BUILDING DETAILS
                                   BYAM, SUSAN E                          District       Percentage    Model: 1.00 STORY MH SINGLE
                                                                                                        Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   231 STARK HIGHWAY SOUTH                                                Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   DUNBARTON, NH 03046                                                  Floor: CARPET/LINOLEUM OR SIM
                                      Account Number: 175                                                Heat: OIL/FA DUCTED
                                                              PERMITS                              Bedrooms: 2           Baths: 2.0         Fixtures: 6
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type        Notes                                Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   04/20/16 BP-04-137-1 BUILDING PERMIT    CONCRETE PAD 6X6 FOR OIL TANK A/C: No                         Generators: 1
                                   04/15/98 BP-04-39-98 SHED               SHED 12X14                 Quality: A0 AVG
                                                                                                   Com. Wall:
                                                                                                     Size Adj: 0.8162               Base Rate: MHS 160.00
                                                                                                                                   Bldg. Rate:         0.7917
                                                                                                                                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 126.67
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                        ID     Description            Area    Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                        PRS  PIER                       1152 -0.05     -58
                                                                                                        FFF  FST FLR FIN                1152 1.00    1152
                                                                                                        DEK DECK/ENTRANCE                164 0.10       16
                                                                                                        GLA: 1,152                     2,468        1,110




                                                                                                            2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                             Market Cost New:           $ 140,604
                                                                                                                    Year Built:              1995
                                                                                                            Condition For Age: AVERAGE      36 %
                                                                                                                      Physical:
                                                                                                                   Functional:
                                                                                                                    Economic:
                                                                                                                   Temporary:
                                                                                                            Total Depreciation:             36 %

                                                                                                               Building Value:                    $ 90,000
                                                             PAGE 197
Map: 000403         Lot: 000220            Sub: 000132          Card: 1 of 1         732 CONCORD STAGE RD #32                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                      SALES HISTORY                                                PICTURE
ROSEN, JEFFREY                                    Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                                  06/17/2025 9863   2744   QI         225,000 HUTCHINSON, SUSAN
ROSEN, BRIANNA
                                                  03/15/2022 9597   2400   U I 99      35,000 JACKMAN, REBA
1080 RIVER ROAD                                   08/14/2006 7721   3012   QI         115,000 CARRIER FAMILY TRUST
                                                  06/30/2004 7268   2468   QI          86,933 KENNEDY/SCARLETT
WEARE, NH 03281                          (ET AL.) 11/09/1998 6019   1532   QI          38,000 PORCELLA, ROBERTA C.M
            LISTING HISTORY                                                       NOTES
12/12/25 RWVM V-SALE                              WHITE; 816-1038-JB4816-0138JA; CENTRAL AIR INSTALLED 2004; 5/19; NOH;
01/10/24 DMVM                                     PU DEK ALUM; WELL MAINT; DNPU HC RAMP; 2X6 CONST; PARK FEE
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION              $400/MO; 1/24; HO BUSY NO INFO & DNVI; PU DEKS; EXT=GD; 12/25; NOH;
11/07/19  DMC                                     EXT COND=GD; GD EXT MAINT; RMV LNTO;
05/13/19 DMVM
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
04/17/12 ERPM SHED ONLY
09/19/11 LMHC

                                           EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                              MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                         Units Lngth x Width Size Adj  Rate     Cond      Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                              96      12 x 8         227     17.00   60             2,223                         WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
732 CONCORD STAGE                        1                    100 44,000.00 100             44,000
SHED-WOOD                              96      8 x 12         227     17.00 100              3,705
                                                                                             49,900                              PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                          Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                          2024       $ 90,000    $ 37,900            $0
                                                                                                                                                 Parcel Total: $ 127,900
                                                                                                                          2025       $ 90,000    $ 37,900            $0
                                                                                                                                                 Parcel Total: $ 127,900
                                                                                                                          2026      $ 180,500    $ 49,900            $0
                                                                                                                                                Parcel Total: $ 230,400


                                                     LAND VALUATION                                                                  LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93       Minimum Frontage: 200                                                 Site:                Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type 1F RES                    Neighborhood: E                                                   Cond Ad Valorem SPI R      Tax Value Notes

                                  0 ac




                                                                                  PAGE 198
Map: 000403   Lot: 000220   Sub: 000132        Card: 1 of 1           732 CONCORD STAGE RD #32                     WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                             OWNER                            TAXABLE DISTRICTS                       BUILDING DETAILS
                                   ROSEN, JEFFREY                                District     Percentage      Model: 1.00 STORY MH DBLW
                                   ROSEN, BRIANNA                                                               Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   1080 RIVER ROAD                                                               Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                                  Int: WALL BOARD
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                    (ET AL.)                                 Floor: CARPET/LINOLEUM OR SIM
                                      Account Number:   2,701                                                   Heat: OIL/FA DUCTED
                                                                PERMITS                                    Bedrooms: 2          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures: 6
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type               Notes                                Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   11/03/11 BP-11-567-1 SHED                      8X12 SHED                     A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators:
                                                                                                             Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                                                                                           Com. Wall:
                                                                                                            Size Adj: 1.3103               Base Rate: MHD 160.00
                                                                                                                                          Bldg. Rate:         1.3549
                                                                                                                                       Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 216.78
                                                                                                                    BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                           ID     Description             Area    Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                           DEK DECK/ENTRANCE                 124 0.10       12
                                                                                                           FFF  FST FLR FIN                 1296 1.00    1296
                                                                                                           PRS  PIER                        1296 -0.05     -65
                                                                                                           GLA: 1,296                      2,716        1,243




                                                                                                              2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                               Market Cost New:           $ 269,458
                                                                                                                      Year Built:              1996
                                                                                                              Condition For Age:  GOOD        33 %
                                                                                                                        Physical:
                                                                                                                     Functional:
                                                                                                                      Economic:
                                                                                                                     Temporary:
                                                                                                              Total Depreciation:             33 %

                                                                                                                  Building Value:                      $ 180,500
                                                                PAGE 199
Map: 000403         Lot: 000220          Sub: 000133         Card: 1 of 1          732 CONCORD STAGE RD #33                   WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                   SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
                               .
CHAPMAN, ROBERT & ELANOR REVOC T Date                     Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                               07/31/2025 9875   2964   QI         285,000 HADLEY, CRAIG A
CHAPMAN JR, ROBERT G & ELANOR G TRUST
                                               07/31/2019 9194   0189   QI         140,000 KEEFE, WAYNE S& DENISE
732 CONCORD STAGE ROAD #33                     01/16/2019 9140   2084   U I 38           1 KEEFE, WAYNE S
                                               04/30/2015 8747   0829   QI         125,000 CLARK, BARRY M
WEARE, NH 03281                                06/17/2013 8571   1999   QI         129,933 CORCORAN, JAMES M
            LISTING HISTORY                                                   NOTES
02/02/26 DMPR                                  BEIGE, 2X6 CONST-"BURLINGTON" GOOD COND EST INT SIMILAR, ADJ
12/12/25 RWVM V-SALE                           COND/MH QUALITY TO BE CONSISTENT W/SIMILAR HOMES; 5/19; WELL
01/10/24 DMVL                                  MAINT; INT & EXT=GD; FMICA/OAK CABINETS W/ISLAND IN KIT; PARK
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION           FEE $400/MO; 1/24; NC; WELL MAINT; 12/25; INFO @ DOOR; EXT COND=GD;
05/13/19 DMVL                                  NO UPDATES PER HO; 2/26; REPL PROPANE TANK FOR FPL-NCTV;
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
12/18/15 ERVM SALE
09/19/11 LMHC

                                           EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                          MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                         Units Lngth x Width Size Adj  Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
GARAGE-1 STY/ATTIC                    672     28 x 24          84     55.00   80         24,837 HEATED                  WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                              64       8x8           310     17.00   30          1,012
732 CONCORD STAGE                        1                    100 44,000.00 100          44,000
PATIO                                 170     17 x 10         154      7.00   40            733 IRREG SHAPE                  PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                        1                    100  5,500.00 100           5,500 GAS
                                                                                                                      Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                          76,100                      2024      $ 132,400    $ 57,000            $0
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 189,400
                                                                                                                      2025      $ 132,400    $ 57,000            $0
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 189,400
                                                                                                                      2026      $ 204,700    $ 76,100            $0
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 280,800


                                                  LAND VALUATION                                                                 LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93    Minimum Frontage: 200                                                 Site:               Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type 1F RES                    Neighborhood: E                                                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R     Tax Value Notes

                                  0 ac




                                                                               PAGE 200
Map: 000403   Lot: 000220   Sub: 000133        Card: 1 of 1          732 CONCORD STAGE RD #33                      WEARE               Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                              OWNER                        TAXABLE DISTRICTS                         BUILDING DETAILS
                                   CHAPMAN, ROBERT & ELANOR REV District                     PercentageModel: 1.00 STORY DBLWIDE
                                   CHAPMAN JR, ROBERT G & ELANOR G TR                                   Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   732 CONCORD STAGE ROAD #33                                             Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                      Floor: CARPET/HARDWOOD
                                       Account Number: 2,219                                             Heat: OIL/FA DUCTED
                                                                  PERMITS                           Bedrooms: 2          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures: 7
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type      Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   02/25/26 MP02-72-26 MECHANICAL         FURNACE/AC-CONDENSER PIPINGA/C: Yes 100.00 %                   Generators:
                                   09/26/25 MP09-492-25 MECHANICAL        FIREPLACE- 120 PG TANK      Quality: A0 AVG
                                   04/14/04 BP-04-166-0 3 SEASON ROOM     3 SEASON PORCH           Com. Wall:
                                   09/22/03 EL-09-586-03 ELECTRICAL       ELECTRICAL W/BP-04-175-03 MH
                                   04/13/03 BP-04-175-0 MOBILE HOME REPLA REPLACE MH                 Size Adj: 1.0524               Base Rate: MHD 160.00
                                                                                                                                   Bldg. Rate:         1.0629
                                                                                                                                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 170.07
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                           ID       Description        Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                           FFF    FST FLR FIN            1736     1.00   1736
                                                                                                           SLB    SLAB                   1736     0.00       0
                                                                                                           EPF    ENCLOSED                200     0.70    140
                                                                                                           ENT    ENTRY WAY                16     0.10       2
                                                                                                           DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE            30     0.10       3
                                                                                                           GLA:    1,736                3,718           1,881




                                                                                                               2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                                Market Cost New:           $ 319,902
                                                                                                                       Year Built:              2003
                                                                                                               Condition For Age: AVERAGE      36 %
                                                                                                                         Physical:
                                                                                                                      Functional:
                                                                                                                       Economic:
                                                                                                                      Temporary:
                                                                                                               Total Depreciation:             36 %

                                                                                                                  Building Value:                  $ 204,700
                                                                 PAGE 201
Map: 000403         Lot: 000220          Sub: 000135         Card: 1 of 1          732 CONCORD STAGE RD #35                   WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                   SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
MCENTEE, PATRICK                               Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                               11/17/2025 9906   2187   QI         188,533 DOUGHERTY, EILEEN W
                                               09/25/2018 9112   0810   U I 33       2,666 RAY FAMILY IRREVOCABLE
732 CONCORD STAGE ROAD UNIT 35                 06/29/1998 5960   1109   U I 99      38,000 GREISLER, C&C

WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                   NOTES
02/12/26 DMVM V-SALE                           TAN; MAKE="ARTCRAFT"; SHED&GAR&DECK ATT;12/09; NOH; ENLARGE
01/10/24 DMVM                                  DEK; 5/19; PARK FEE $400/MO; NEW ROOF IN 2013; 2X4 CONST; PU SHED;
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION           MONITOR HEATER; O/D; THIN PANELING=WALLBRD; 1/24; NOH; NC TO
05/13/19 DMVL                                  EXT; 2/26; NOH; NC TO EXT;
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
09/19/11 LMHC
12/04/09 KCVM
11/17/09  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                           EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                          MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                         Units Lngth x Width Size Adj  Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
GARAGE-1 STY                          320     20 x 16         110     44.00 110          17,037 HEATED                  WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                             120     12 x 10         193     17.00   80          3,150 ATT GAR/BACK
DECK                                  220     20 x 11         133      7.00   80          1,639 ATT GAR/EST SNOW
732 CONCORD STAGE                        1                    100 44,000.00 125          55,000 GD SITE                      PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
SHED-WOOD                              80      10 x 8         260     17.00   80          2,829
                                                                                                                      Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                          79,700                      2024       $ 14,700    $ 48,800            $0
                                                                                                                                              Parcel Total: $ 63,500
                                                                                                                      2025       $ 14,700    $ 48,800            $0
                                                                                                                                              Parcel Total: $ 63,500
                                                                                                                      2026       $ 82,500    $ 79,700            $0
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 162,200


                                                  LAND VALUATION                                                                 LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93    Minimum Frontage: 200                                                 Site:               Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type 1F RES                    Neighborhood: E                                                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R     Tax Value Notes

                                  0 ac




                                                                               PAGE 202
Map: 000403   Lot: 000220   Sub: 000135       Card: 1 of 1            732 CONCORD STAGE RD #35               WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                             OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                      BUILDING DETAILS
                                   MCENTEE, PATRICK                         District    Percentage      Model: 1.00 STORY MH SINGLE
                                                                                                          Roof: GABLE OR HIP/PREFAB METALS
                                   732 CONCORD STAGE ROAD UNIT 35                                          Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                            Int: WALL BOARD
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                       Floor: CARPET/LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number:   1,869                                             Heat: GAS/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                              Bedrooms: 2          Baths: 1.0         Fixtures: 3
                                    Date   Permit ID    Permit Type          Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                                                                                          A/C: No                         Generators:
                                                                                                       Quality: A0 AVG
                                                                                                     Com. Wall:
                                                                                                      Size Adj: 0.8632               Base Rate: MHS 160.00
                                                                                                                                    Bldg. Rate:         0.7855
                                                                                                                                 Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 125.68
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                     ID     Description             Area    Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                     FFF  FST FLR FIN                  924 1.00     924
                                                                                                     PRS  PIER                         924 -0.05     -46
                                                                                                     OPF OPEN PORCH                    136 0.25       34
                                                                                                     GLA: 924                        1,984          912




                                                                                                        2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                         Market Cost New:            $ 114,620
                                                                                                                Year Built:               1979
                                                                                                        Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     28 %
                                                                                                                  Physical:
                                                                                                               Functional:
                                                                                                                Economic:
                                                                                                               Temporary:
                                                                                                        Total Depreciation:              28 %

                                                                                                            Building Value:                       $ 82,500
                                                                PAGE 203
Map: 000404         Lot: 000007        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1            645 RESERVOIR DRIVE                       WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
BIESCHKE, BRANDON                           Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            10/14/2025 9896   2134   QI         516,700 FIELDING, ELIZABETH J
BIESCHKE, RACHAEL
                                            03/29/2012 8410   2082   U I 38             FIELDING, ELIZABETH J
645 RESERVOIR DRIVE                         06/20/2007 7862   2312   QI         262,000 MCCANN, MICHAEL B & DE
                                            10/01/1995 5663   340    QI         110,000 COLBURN, RICHARD
WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                 NOTES
02/12/26 DMVM V-SALE                        BROWN; CB FNDTN; EXT WALLS CLPBRD W/ BRICK VENEER FRONT;
02/20/24 DMPM                               WALKOUT BSMNT; 10/18 NOH; EST NEW ROOF & VINYL WINDOWS; DNPU
07/21/23 DMVM                               SLB FOR BB COURT=NV; WELL MAINT; HO STATED NO OIL FURN ONLY
11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        ELEC; 2/24; NOH; PU NEW DEK; 2/26; ALL INFO FROM HO DNVI; NC; NO
10/24/18 DMVM                               RAILS ON DECK; WD HEAT B/U;
03/07/18  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
06/27/14 DMVM
04/23/14  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                          MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                           192     12 x 16         143    17.00   80          3,734 NEXT TO DW              WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
FIREPLACE 2-STAND                      1                    100 7,500.00 100           7,500
                                                                                       11,200
                                                                                                                           PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                    Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                    2024      $ 226,400     $ 7,200      $ 106,700
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 340,300
                                                                                                                    2025      $ 226,400     $ 7,200      $ 106,700
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 340,300
                                                                                                                    2026      $ 338,000    $ 11,200      $ 158,700
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 507,900


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                               LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography             Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    100 95  95 -- MILD              100     158,400     0 N    158,400
1F RES                      0.090 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  90 -- ROLLING           100         300     0 N        300
                            2.020 ac                                                                      158,700           158,700




                                                                            PAGE 204
Map: 000404   Lot: 000007   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1           645 RESERVOIR DRIVE                         WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   BIESCHKE, BRANDON                      District        Percentage    Model: 2.00 STORY GAMBREL
                                   BIESCHKE, RACHAEL                                                     Roof: GAMBREL/ASPHALT
                                   645 RESERVOIR DRIVE                                                     Ext: BRK VENEER/CEDAR/REDWD
                                                                                                            Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                       Floor: HARDWOOD/CARPET
                                      Account Number:    572                                              Heat: ELECTRIC/RAD ELECT
                                                               PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 4          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures: 6
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type       Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   06/27/23 BP06-309-23 BUILDING PERMIT    12X16 PT DECK                  A/C: No                         Generators:
                                   07/13/12 EL-07-344-12 ELECTRICAL        EL-07-344-12;ELECTRICAL W/BP-06-299-12
                                                                                                       Quality: A1SUN    ROOM. P
                                                                                                                    AVG+10
                                   06/20/12 BP-06-299-1 ADDITION           BP-06-299-12;SUNROOM ADDITION   12X21;SUNROOM ADDIT
                                                                                                    Com. Wall:
                                                                                                      Size Adj: 0.9025               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                    Bldg. Rate:         0.9729
                                                                                                                                 Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 155.66
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                        ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                        BMU     BSMNT                   1120     0.15    168
                                                                                                        EPF     ENCLOSED                 273     0.70    191
                                                                                                        DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE            192     0.10      19
                                                                                                        UFF     UPPER FLR FIN           1120     1.00   1120
                                                                                                        FFF     FST FLR FIN             1120     1.00   1120
                                                                                                        OPF     OPEN PORCH               251     0.25      63
                                                                                                        GLA:     2,240                 4,076           2,681




                                                                                                            2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                             Market Cost New:           $ 417,324
                                                                                                                    Year Built:              1969
                                                                                                            Condition For Age:  GOOD        17 %
                                                                                                                      Physical:
                                                                                                                   Functional:   WH           2%
                                                                                                                    Economic:
                                                                                                                   Temporary:
                                                                                                            Total Depreciation:             19 %

                                                                                                                Building Value:                   $ 338,000
                                                               PAGE 205
Map: 000404         Lot: 000019        Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1               WILDWOOD ROAD                        WEARE             Printed:    08/11/2026
          OWNER INFORMATION                                           SALES HISTORY                                                 PICTURE
JOHNSON, BRADY MORGAN                       Date       Book Page Type         Price Grantor
                                            06/11/2026 9960 883 U V 38            1 HALLEE, DUSTIN
WILKINS, AUSTIN THOMAS
                                            07/10/2025 9870 679 Q V         107,000 MERITHEW, ASHLEY
628 RESERVOIR ROAD                          12/09/2024 9823 676 Q V          95,000 HOOPER, RYAN
                                            07/11/2023 9713 1266 Q V         65,000 PRESTI, HOLDEN ROBERT
WEARE, NH 03281                             10/17/2022 9659 2058 U V 38           1 PRESTI, HOLDEN ROBERT
            LISTING HISTORY                                                 NOTES
12/15/25 RWVL                               PRIVATE ROAD;AC CHANGED PER PLAN; 10/08 VARIANCE TO BUILD
08/01/23 DMVL                               DENIED=LCOND25, 02/09 GRANTED PERMISSION TO BUILD 01/09; 6/14 VAC;
11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        EFF 04/17 ZONE CORRECTED PER INFO OF TOWN; 10/18 NC; 4-SALE BY
10/23/18 DMVL                               OWNER; 8/23; NC; 12/25; CORR TO UND/CLR;
03/07/18  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
06/27/14 DMVL
04/23/14  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
06/27/06 LMRL

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                       MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate Cond   Market Value Notes
                                                                                                                  WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE

                                                                                                                        PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                 Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                 2024              $0          $0       $ 50,200
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 50,200
                                                                                                                 2025              $0          $0       $ 50,200
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 50,200
                                                                                                                 2026              $0          $0     $ 101,100
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 101,100


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                       LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                    Site: UNDEVELOPED CLEARED Driveway: UNDEVELOPED Road: DIRT/GRAVEL
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography        Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 D    90    85    95  90  85 -- MODERATE 100         88,700   0 N    88,700
1F RES                      3.639 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  85 -- MODERATE 100         12,400   0 N    12,400
                            5.569 ac                                                                101,100              101,100




                                                                         PAGE 206
Map: 000404   Lot: 000019   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1                 WILDWOOD ROAD                      WEARE                   Printed:   08/11/2026
              PICTURE                             OWNER                        TAXABLE DISTRICTS                       BUILDING DETAILS
                                   JOHNSON, BRADY MORGAN                     District    Percentage      Model:
                                   WILKINS, AUSTIN THOMAS                                                 Roof:
                                   628 RESERVOIR ROAD                                                       Ext:
                                                                                                            Int:
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                        Floor:
                                      Account Number:   3,149                                              Heat:
                                                                PERMITS                               Bedrooms:              Baths:         Fixtures:
                                    Date   Permit ID    Permit Type           Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:       Fireplaces:
                                                                                                            A/C:                          Generators:
                                                                                                        Quality:
                                                                                                      Com. Wall:
                                                                                                         Stories:

                                                                                                                              Base Type:
                                                                                                               BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS




                                                                                                         2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION

                                                                                                                 Year Built:
                                                                                                         Condition For Age:
                                                                                                                   Physical:
                                                                                                                Functional:
                                                                                                                 Economic:
                                                                                                                Temporary:




                                                                PAGE 207
Map: 000404         Lot: 000049        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1                 30 DEL'S WAY                       WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                              SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
MORSS, AMY                                  Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            03/13/2026 9936  27    QI         460,000 BLAIS WM & CYNTHIA
BELANGER, KEVIN
                                            09/17/2014 8692 0527   U I 44             BLAIS FAM REVOC TRUST
241 SOUTH WATER STREET UNIT 11              06/20/2011 8326 1776   U I 44             BLAIS, WILLIAM R
                                            05/19/2008 7983 507    U I 51     224,315 DANIELS, F&A
EAST WINDSOR, CT 06088                      03/14/2003 6864 409    QI         202,000 MAGARIAN, M&M
            LISTING HISTORY                                               NOTES
02/12/26 DMVM                               TAN; LEACHFIELD EASEMENTS; NO OTHER UPDATES; 10/08 PELLET
07/25/23 DMVE                               STOVE; DNPU PLASTIC SHED; 2/19 PU GEN; 2/26; RMV DECK; PER LISTING,
11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        FMICA OAK CABS IN KIT; NEW ROOF;
02/06/19 DMPR
10/23/18 DMVM
03/07/18  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
06/25/14 DMVM
04/23/14  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                            80      8 x 10         260    17.00   80          2,829                       WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
LEAN-TO                              80      8 x 10         260     4.00   20            166 ATT
HOT TUB                                1                    100 5,000.00   50          2,500 IN EPF
DECK                                 64       8x8           310     7.00   50            694 UNDER PLASTIC SHED          PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                      6,200                       Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                  2024      $ 193,700     $ 3,900      $ 117,200
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 314,800
                                                                                                                  2025      $ 193,700     $ 3,900      $ 117,200
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 314,800
                                                                                                                  2026      $ 301,800     $ 6,200      $ 158,700
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 466,700


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                            LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                  Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography           Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    100 100 95 -- MILD             95     158,400  0 N      158,400 ESMNT
1F RES                      0.070 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  90 -- ROLLING         100         300  0 N          300
                            2.000 ac                                                                   158,700            158,700




                                                                           PAGE 208
Map: 000404   Lot: 000049   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1               30 DEL'S WAY                           WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                     TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   MORSS, AMY                            District        Percentage    Model: 1.75 STORY CAPE
                                   BELANGER, KEVIN                                                       Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   241 SOUTH WATER STREET UNIT 11                                          Ext: CEDAR/REDWD
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   EAST WINDSOR, CT 06088                                                Floor: CARPET/PINE/SOFT WD
                                      Account Number: 1,060                                               Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                              PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 1.5         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type      Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   11/07/18 EL-11-630-18 ELECTRICAL       LPG GENERATOR 14KW              A/C: No                        Generators: 1
                                   03/28/13 BP-03-71-13 DECK              RENEWAL OF BP-04-138-12 DECK   ADDITION
                                                                                                      Quality:        & HOT TUB
                                                                                                                A1 AVG+10
                                   05/30/12 EL-05-252-12 ELECTRICAL       EL-05-252-12;ELECTRICAL FOR HOT
                                                                                                    Com.    TUB W/BP-04-138-12
                                                                                                         Wall:
                                   04/05/12 BP-04-138-1 DECK              BP-04-138-12;DECKADDITION 10 X16 FOR HOTTUB;DECK A
                                   10/21/08 MC-10-620-0 MECHANICAL                                   Size Adj:
                                                                          MC-10-620-08;MECHANICAL PELLET         1.0468
                                                                                                            STOVE;MECHANICAL        Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   06/15/99 SW-06-251-9 SWIMMING POOL     SW-06-251-99                                             Bldg. Rate:         1.1397
                                                                                                                                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 182.36
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                       ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                       TQF     3/4 STRY FIN             672     0.75    504
                                                                                                       FFF     FST FLR FIN              952     1.00    952
                                                                                                       BMF     BSMNT FINISHED           560     0.30    168
                                                                                                       BMU     BSMNT                    392     0.15      59
                                                                                                       ATF     ATTIC FINISHED           280     0.25      70
                                                                                                       DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE            480     0.10      48
                                                                                                       EPF     ENCLOSED                 144     0.70    101
                                                                                                       GLA:     1,526                 3,480           1,902




                                                                                                           2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                            Market Cost New:           $ 346,849
                                                                                                                   Year Built:              1993
                                                                                                           Condition For Age:  GOOD        13 %
                                                                                                                     Physical:
                                                                                                                  Functional:
                                                                                                                   Economic:
                                                                                                                  Temporary:
                                                                                                           Total Depreciation:             13 %

                                                                                                               Building Value:                   $ 301,800
                                                              PAGE 209
Map: 000404         Lot: 000052          Sub: 000000          Card: 1 of 1         22 ABIJAH BRIDGE ROAD                       WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                  SALES HISTORY                                                PICTURE
SULLIVAN, COREY                                 Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                                05/01/2026 9949 322    QI         525,000 GRENIER, JOHN G
SULLIVAN, JESSIE-LYNN
                                                11/09/2010 8261 0610   QI         185,000 BRADY, SCOTT
133 RESERVOIR DRIVE                             12/23/2009 8164 2924   U I 37     144,000 CITIMORTGAGE INC
                                                06/11/2009 8100 307    U I 51     149,900 GALLIGAN, KATHLEEN
DEERING, NH 03244                      (ET AL.) 08/26/2004 7306 704    QI         266,000 ARNDT, B&I
            LISTING HISTORY                                                    NOTES
06/30/26 DMVM V-SALE                           TAN; PC FNDTN; EST EPF AS FFF/PRS DUE TO NO DOOR BETWEEN HSE &
07/13/23 DMVE                                  EPF; GAR IS HEATED; 7/23 EST FPL=2 FLUES; 6/26 ALL INFO FROM HO, DNVI
11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION           & UNABLE TO MEAS BACK DUE TO DOGS, CORR'D XFOBS;
10/22/18 DMVE
03/07/18  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
06/26/14 DMVM
09/16/11 KCUM VERIFIED SALE
08/01/11 LMUR

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                             MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond     Market Value Notes
DECK                                 88      8 x 11         242    7.00   80            1,193 ATT TO POOL               WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
POOL-ABOVE GROUND                   374     22 x 17         103   11.00   60            2,542 ROUND
SHED-WOOD                            64      16 x 4         310   17.00 100             3,373
                                                                                         7,100                                PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                       Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                       2024      $ 255,400    $ 10,800      $ 104,400
                                                                                                                                              Parcel Total: $ 370,600
                                                                                                                       2025      $ 255,400    $ 10,800      $ 104,400
                                                                                                                                              Parcel Total: $ 370,600
                                                                                                                       2026      $ 346,600     $ 7,100      $ 156,800
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 510,500


                                                LAND VALUATION                                                                LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                     Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography              Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.780 ac    158,379 F  110    100    100 100 90 -- ROLLING            100     156,800  0 N      156,800
                            1.780 ac                                                                     156,800               156,800




                                                                              PAGE 210
Map: 000404   Lot: 000052   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1        22 ABIJAH BRIDGE ROAD                     WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                      BUILDING DETAILS
                                   SULLIVAN, COREY                         District    Percentage      Model: 1.75 STORY CAPE
                                   SULLIVAN, JESSIE-LYNN                                                 Roof: GABLE OR HIP/PREFAB METALS
                                   133 RESERVOIR DRIVE                                                    Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   DEERING, NH 03244            (ET AL.)                                Floor: HARDWOOD/LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number:   881                                              Heat: ELECTRIC/RAD ELECT
                                                              PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 4          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type         Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   10/26/00 BP-10-657-0 BUILDING PERMIT     ENCLOSE CARPORT              A/C: No                         Generators:
                                                                                                      Quality: A0 AVG
                                                                                                    Com. Wall:
                                                                                                     Size Adj: 0.8764               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                   Bldg. Rate:         0.8503
                                                                                                                                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 136.05
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                    ID       Description           Area    Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                    VLT    VAULTED                    320 0.05       16
                                                                                                    EPF    ENCLOSED                   100 0.70       70
                                                                                                    FFF    FST FLR FIN               1672 1.00    1672
                                                                                                    BMG    BASEMENT                   520 0.20     104
                                                                                                    TQF    3/4 STRY FIN               832 0.75     624
                                                                                                    BMF    BSMNT FINISHED             416 0.30     125
                                                                                                    DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE              510 0.10       51
                                                                                                    GAR    GARAGE                     416 0.45     187
                                                                                                    PRS    PIER                       320 -0.05     -16
                                                                                                    BMU    BSMNT                      416 0.15       62
                                                                                                    GLA:    2,296                   5,522        2,895




                                                                                                       2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                        Market Cost New:            $ 393,865
                                                                                                               Year Built:               1978
                                                                                                       Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     12 %
                                                                                                                 Physical:
                                                                                                              Functional:
                                                                                                               Economic:
                                                                                                              Temporary:
                                                                                                       Total Depreciation:              12 %

                                                                                                           Building Value:                      $ 346,600
                                                              PAGE 211
Map: 000404       Lot: 000117        Sub: 000004        Card: 1 of 1            207 THORNDIKE ROAD                       WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                              SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
VAILLANCOURT, CHEYENNE                    Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                          11/07/2025 9904   2114   QI         555,000 D&M PROPERTY
VAVAK, CAMERON
                                          07/21/2025 9872   2785   U I 25     380,000 BOND, RICHARD A JR
207 THORNDIKE ROAD                        11/01/2004 7349   1825   QI         237,933 HERMAN, B&E

WEARE , NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                              NOTES
01/27/26 DMVM V-SALE                      GREY; LONG DRIVEWAY; (2) PELLET STOVES; EST 2ND BTH; PU NEW
08/14/23 DMVM                             DEKS (2) 10X12 IS ATT TO BACK DEK BY STAIR; IMPROVEMENTS AFTER
11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION      7/25; 1/26; NOH; NEW ROOF ON HSE, GAR, BARN; RMVD POOL & DEK; 4/26
06/29/21  CRHC                            ADDED NEW DECK EST FROM MLS
10/25/18 DMVM
03/07/18  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
07/07/14 DMVM
04/23/14  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                       EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                     Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond    Market Value Notes
BARN-1STRY/LOFT                   576     24 x 24          88   31.00 100           15,713 HORSE STABLE            WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
GARAGE-1 STY                      576     24 x 24          88   44.00   90          20,072
                                                                                     35,800
                                                                                                                        PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                 Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                 2024      $ 161,700    $ 21,400      $ 111,900
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 295,000
                                                                                                                 2025      $ 161,700    $ 21,400      $ 111,900
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 295,000
                                                                                                                 2026      $ 281,400    $ 35,800      $ 188,700
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 505,900


                                             LAND VALUATION                                                                LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                            Site: GOOD Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography               Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  5.000 ac    172,000 F   110   105  100     95 100 -- LEVEL             100     188,700  0 N      188,700
1F RES                  0.004 ac     x 4,000 X  100                   95 -- MILD               100           0  0 N            0
                          5.004 ac                                                                    188,700            188,700




                                                                          PAGE 212
Map: 000404   Lot: 000117   Sub: 000004       Card: 1 of 1            207 THORNDIKE ROAD                    WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                             OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                      BUILDING DETAILS
                                   VAILLANCOURT, CHEYENNE                  District    Percentage      Model: 1.00 STORY R-RANCH
                                   VAVAK, CAMERON                                                        Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   207 THORNDIKE ROAD                                                     Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE , NH 03281                                                     Floor: CARPET/LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number:   4,429                                            Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                             Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 1.0         Fixtures:
                                    Date   Permit ID    Permit Type         Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                                                                                         A/C: No                         Generators:
                                                                                                      Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                                                                                    Com. Wall:
                                                                                                     Size Adj: 1.1001               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                   Bldg. Rate:         1.1375
                                                                                                                                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 182.00
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                    ID       Description           Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                    ATU    ATTIC                     1008     0.10    101
                                                                                                    FFF    FST FLR FIN               1080     1.00   1080
                                                                                                    RBU    RAISED BSMNT               552     0.25    138
                                                                                                    RBF    RAISED BSMNT               456     0.75    342
                                                                                                    DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE              565     0.10      57
                                                                                                    GLA:    1,080                   3,661           1,718




                                                                                                       2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                        Market Cost New:            $ 312,676
                                                                                                               Year Built:               1994
                                                                                                       Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     10 %
                                                                                                                 Physical:
                                                                                                              Functional:
                                                                                                               Economic:
                                                                                                              Temporary:
                                                                                                       Total Depreciation:              10 %

                                                                                                           Building Value:                      $ 281,400
                                                                PAGE 213
Map: 000404         Lot: 000168        Sub: 000002        Card: 1 of 1            19 SHADY HILL ROAD                      WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                            SALES HISTORY                                                 PICTURE
VERHAULT, MICHAELA                          Date       Book Page   Type       Price Grantor
                                            08/01/2025 9876 2058   QI       665,000 RICE, MORGAN

19 SHADY HILL ROAD


WEARE, NH 03281-4824
            LISTING HISTORY                                                 NOTES
12/15/25 RWVM V-SALE                        GRY; EFF 4/20 SUBDIV PLAN #40158 DWR184; 1/21; NOH; PU NEW HSE; INT
08/10/23 DMVL                               EST & HSE IS 100% COMPL'D; WOB; 1/22; NO BACK DEK; 8/23; CORR'D
11/29/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        FLRING; INSERT WDSTV=FPL; GRANITE/WD CABS W/ISLAND IN KIT;
01/26/22 DMPR                               GRANITE C-TOPS IN BTHS; 12/25; INFO @ DOOR; DNPU CANVAS SHED;
01/20/21 DMVM
02/25/20 DMVL
07/10/19 CRSR


                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                      1                    100 5,500.00 100          5,500 INSERT WDSTV           WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
                                                                                     5,500

                                                                                                                         PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                  Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                  2024      $ 318,000     $ 3,000      $ 124,800
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 445,800
                                                                                                                  2025      $ 318,000     $ 3,000      $ 124,800
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 445,800
                                                                                                                  2026      $ 507,000     $ 5,500      $ 169,800
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 682,300


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                            LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                             Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography          Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    100 95 100 -- LEVEL          100     166,800     0 N    166,800
1F RES                      1.560 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  95 -- MILD            50       3,000     0 N      3,000 WET/SHAPE
                            3.490 ac                                                                  169,800             169,800




                                                                          PAGE 214
Map: 000404   Lot: 000168   Sub: 000002        Card: 1 of 1              19 SHADY HILL ROAD                        WEARE               Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                              OWNER                        TAXABLE DISTRICTS                         BUILDING DETAILS
                                   VERHAULT, MICHAELA                         District       PercentageModel: 2.00 STORY COLONIAL
                                                                                                         Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   19 SHADY HILL ROAD                                                     Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281-4824                                                 Floor: LAMINATE/VINYL
                                       Account Number:                                                   Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                                 PERMITS                            Bedrooms: 4          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures: 11
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type       Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   05/21/20 MC-05-06-20 MECHANICAL        LPG TANK                       A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators:
                                   04/27/20 MC-04-13-20 MECHANICAL        FURNACE LPG 70K BTU'S       Quality: A3 AVG+30
                                   04/27/20 MC-04-13-20 MECHANICAL        AC UNIT 36K BTU'S         Com. Wall:
                                   03/16/20 EL-03-58-20 ELECTRICAL        ELECTRICAL SFH W/BP-01-20-20
                                   02/03/20 BP-01-20-20 SINGLE FAMILY HOM SFH (2) STRY (4) BD W/GAR  Size Adj: 0.8978               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                   Bldg. Rate:         1.1781
                                                                                                                                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 188.50
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                           ID       Description        Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                           UFF    UPPER FLR FIN          1254     1.00   1254
                                                                                                           FFF    FST FLR FIN            1254     1.00   1254
                                                                                                           BMU    BSMNT                  1254     0.15    188
                                                                                                           DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE            16     0.10       2
                                                                                                           ENT    ENTRY WAY                18     0.10       2
                                                                                                           CTH    CATHEDRAL               168     0.10      17
                                                                                                           GLA:    2,508                3,964           2,717




                                                                                                               2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                                Market Cost New:           $ 512,155
                                                                                                                       Year Built:              2020
                                                                                                               Condition For Age: AVERAGE        1%
                                                                                                                         Physical:
                                                                                                                      Functional:
                                                                                                                       Economic:
                                                                                                                      Temporary:
                                                                                                               Total Depreciation:               1%

                                                                                                                  Building Value:                  $ 507,000
                                                                 PAGE 215
Map: 000405        Lot: 000016        Sub: 000000           Card: 1 of 1            37 PEASLEE HILL ROAD                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                  SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
                                          .
INGALLS, MATTHEW                              Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                              09/10/2025 9887   1404   QI         516,000 STILLWELL, RACHEL
INGALLS, CHELSIE
                                              11/04/2021 9550   2545   QI         384,000 COOK, MICHAEL J &
37 PEASLEE HILL ROAD                          11/28/2005 7590   1510   U I 38             COOK, MICHAEL J
                                              07/17/2000 6266   446    QI         146,000 WASSELL, M&S
WERE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                 NOTES
01/28/26 DMPE                                 BLUE; 9 FIX=3 BTHS; BARN BEING USED AS METAL SHOP; BLOCKED 1
12/15/25 RWVM V-SALE                          DOOR; DOORS ARE SMALL GO FOR COMPACT CAR; 7/14 NOH; COND DOWN
06/10/24 DMVM                                 BARN; 6/24; EXT=GD; RECENTLY PAINTED (EXT); DNPU HC RAMP; CHK 26
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION          IMPROVEMENTS BEFORE SALE; 12/25; INFO @ DOOR; EXT STILL GD COND;
07/08/19 RWVM                                 REAR EST=FENCE/SNOW; 1/26; EST NEW ROOF;
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
07/14/14 DMVM
04/23/14  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                        EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                            MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                      Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond       Market Value Notes
BARN-1STRY/LOFT                    960     40 x 24          77   31.00   60             13,749 LACKS SIDING           WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
PATIO                              288     24 x 12         116    7.00 100               2,339
                                                                                         16,100
                                                                                                                            PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                     Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                     2024      $ 218,600    $ 12,100      $ 112,200
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 342,900
                                                                                                                     2025      $ 218,600    $ 12,100      $ 112,200
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 342,900
                                                                                                                     2026      $ 339,000    $ 16,100      $ 167,200
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 522,300


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                     LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                                  Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography                    Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  2.000 ac    160,000 F  110   100  100     100 95 -- MILD                   100     167,200  0 N      167,200
                           2.000 ac                                                                       167,200            167,200




                                                                              PAGE 216
Map: 000405   Lot: 000016   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1         37 PEASLEE HILL ROAD                         WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                     TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   INGALLS, MATTHEW                      District        Percentage    Model: 1.75 STORY CAPE
                                   INGALLS, CHELSIE                                                     Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   37 PEASLEE HILL ROAD                                                   Ext: CLAP BOARD
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   WERE, NH 03281                                                       Floor: HARDWOOD/HARD TILE
                                      Account Number:   338                                              Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                              PERMITS                              Bedrooms: 3           Baths: 3.0         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type      Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   10/01/04 EL-10-681-04 ELECTRICAL       EL-10-681-04;ELECTRICAL        A/C: No                         Generators:
                                   07/07/04 BP-07-433-0 MISCELLANEOUS     BP-07-433-04;RENEWAL OF BP-04-125-03,
                                                                                                      Quality: A224X24
                                                                                                                   AVG+20BARN W
                                   04/14/03 BP-04-125-0 MISCELLANEOUS     BP-04-125-03             Com. Wall:
                                                                                                     Size Adj: 1.0019               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                   Bldg. Rate:         1.1782
                                                                                                                                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 188.52
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                       ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                       DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE            126     0.10      13
                                                                                                       BMU     BSMNT                   1176     0.15    176
                                                                                                       ATU     ATTIC                    240     0.10      24
                                                                                                       FFF     FST FLR FIN             1176     1.00   1176
                                                                                                       TQF     3/4 STRY FIN             936     0.75    702
                                                                                                       GLA:     1,878                 3,654           2,091




                                                                                                           2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                            Market Cost New:           $ 394,195
                                                                                                                   Year Built:              1986
                                                                                                           Condition For Age:  GOOD        14 %
                                                                                                                     Physical:
                                                                                                                  Functional:
                                                                                                                   Economic:
                                                                                                                  Temporary:
                                                                                                           Total Depreciation:             14 %

                                                                                                               Building Value:                   $ 339,000
                                                              PAGE 217
Map: 000405      Lot: 000020          Sub: 000000          Card: 1 of 1            69 PEASLEE HILL ROAD                     WEARE             Printed:    08/11/2026
          OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
SCHEFFER, JACOB & GLORIA                     Date       Book   Page    Type        Price Grantor
                                             05/06/2026 9950   1255    QI        575,000 HARDY HOMES
                                             05/29/2025 9858   2302   U V 14      70,000 WOODRIDGE PROPERTIES,
77 SHALLOW POND LANE                         06/14/2021 9482   2710   U V 25      19,533 OAKES, ROBERT J
                                             12/31/2018 9137   1591   U V 35       2,666 WEARE, TOWN OF
PLYMOUTH, MA 02360                  (ET AL.) 05/27/1998 5945   1458   U V 35             KNOETTNER TAX DEED
             LISTING HISTORY                                                NOTES
 01/28/26 DMVL                               WHT;12/25; PU NEW HSE FOR 2025; RECK 26; NOH; INT EST; 1/26; HO
 12/15/25 RWVM V-SALE                        STATED WILL BE FIN BY 4-1-26; GRANITE/WD CABS IN KIT & BTHS; ABV
 05/30/24 DMVL                               AVG SID-VINYL PANELS;
 01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
 07/08/19 RWVL
 01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
 07/15/14 DMVL
 04/23/14  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                      EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                             MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                    Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate Cond           Market Value Notes
                                                                                                                      WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE

                                                                                                                           PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                    Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                    2024              $0          $0       $ 46,400
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 46,400
                                                                                                                    2025              $0          $0       $ 46,400
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 46,400
                                                                                                                    2026      $ 437,300           $0     $ 138,400
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 575,700


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                     LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                             Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography                   Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  0.680 ac    147,200 F  110   100  100      95 90 -- ROLLING               100     138,400     0 N    138,400
                         0.680 ac                                                                        138,400            138,400




                                                                             PAGE 218
Map: 000405   Lot: 000020   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1            69 PEASLEE HILL ROAD                     WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                         BUILDING DETAILS
                                   SCHEFFER, JACOB & GLORIA                District      Percentage       Model: 1.75 STORY CAPE
                                                                                                            Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   77 SHALLOW POND LANE                                                      Ext: VINYL SIDING/ABOVE AVG
                                                                                                              Int: DRYWALL
                                   PLYMOUTH, MA 02360           (ET AL.)                                   Floor: LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number: 1,895                                                 Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                              PERMITS                                  Bedrooms: 2          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type         Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   05/28/26 EL05-223-26 ELECTRICAL          22KW GENERATOR                  A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators:
                                   05/28/26 MP05-224-26 MECHANICAL          10' GAS PIPE                 Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                   04/23/26 BP07-339-25 CO ISSUED           CO ISSUED 4/23/26          Com. Wall:
                                   11/13/25 MP11-593-25 MECHANICAL          FURNACE/AC
                                   11/13/25 PL11-595-25 PLUMBING            SFH NEW PLUMB               Size Adj: 0.8820               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   11/13/25 MP11-594-25 MECHANICAL          FHA,HTR,STOVE GAS PIPE                                    Bldg. Rate:         0.9603
                                   10/27/25 MP10-553-25 MECHANICAL          25' PIPE/500 GAL AG TANK                               Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 153.65
                                                                                                                BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                       ID       Description           Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                       FFF    FST FLR FIN               1256     1.00   1256
                                                                                                       UFF    UPPER FLR FIN              950     1.00    950
                                                                                                       BMU    BSMNT                     1256     0.15    188
                                                                                                       OPF    OPEN PORCH                 108     0.25      27
                                                                                                       GAR    GARAGE                     572     0.45    257
                                                                                                       HSF    1/2 STRY FIN               308     0.50    154
                                                                                                       DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE              140     0.10      14
                                                                                                       GLA:    2,360                   4,590           2,846




                                                                                                          2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                           Market Cost New:           $ 437,288
                                                                                                                  Year Built:              2025
                                                                                                          Condition For Age: AVERAGE
                                                                                                                    Physical:
                                                                                                                 Functional:
                                                                                                                  Economic:
                                                                                                                 Temporary:
                                                                                                          Total Depreciation:

                                                                                                              Building Value:                      $ 437,300
                                                              PAGE 219
Map: 000405      Lot: 000047        Sub: 000005           Card: 1 of 1                 1381 RIVER ROAD                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
                                        .
SMALLWOOD, NICHOLAS                         Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            06/17/2025 9864    79    QI         460,000 WOOD, TYLER SCOTT
SMALLWOOD, ALEXANDRA
                                            11/04/2019 9228   1423   QI         237,500 ST. ONGE, BRENDAN N
54 CENTRE ROAD                              12/16/2015 8815   2756   QI         175,000 POULIOT, CARMEN D
                                            10/31/2011 8363   2587   U I 37     150,000 NH HOUSING FINANCE AUT
CONCORD, NH 03301                           09/07/2010 8238   802    U I 51     156,400 ENOS, DAVID A & PAMELA
            LISTING HISTORY                                                   NOTES
12/16/25 RWVM V-SALE                        RED; WOODS, SLOPED FRONT; 1/9; DNVI=HO LEAVING; DNPU CAMPER;
03/18/25 DMPM                               7/14 NOH; DNPU CANVAS SHED OR POOL=NV; 2/16 CORR FLOORS; 7/19;
05/17/24 DMVM                               NOH; NO RECENT MAINT; EXT COND STILL GD; EXT=GD; IN NEED OF
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        PAINT; 3/25; PU CPT; 12/25; INFO @ DOOR; EXT COND GD; CORR CPT TO
07/11/19 RWVM                               SHED-WD, LACKS DOOR, END EAVE NOT ENCL=COND;
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
07/11/14 DMVM
04/23/14  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                      EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                            MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                    Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond       Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                        288     12 x 24         116   17.00   75              4,260                        WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
                                                                                       4,300

                                                                                                                          PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                   Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2024      $ 175,100          $0      $ 117,900
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 293,000
                                                                                                                   2025      $ 175,100     $ 3,700      $ 117,900
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 296,700
                                                                                                                   2026      $ 288,200     $ 4,300      $ 160,100
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 452,600


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                   LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                                Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography                  Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  2.320 ac    161,280 F  110   100  100     100 95 -- MILD                 95      160,100  0 N      160,100 SD
                         2.320 ac                                                                        160,100           160,100




                                                                            PAGE 220
Map: 000405   Lot: 000047   Sub: 000005       Card: 1 of 1                 1381 RIVER ROAD                         WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                         TAXABLE DISTRICTS                          BUILDING DETAILS
                                   SMALLWOOD, NICHOLAS                       District       Percentage   Model: 1.75 STORY CAPE
                                   SMALLWOOD, ALEXANDRA                                                    Roof: SALT BOX/ASPHALT
                                   54 CENTRE ROAD                                                           Ext: CEDAR/REDWD
                                                                                                             Int: DRYWALL
                                   CONCORD, NH 03301                                                      Floor: HARDWOOD/HARD TILE
                                      Account Number:   4,121                                              Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type           Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   10/16/08 MC-10-616-0 MECHANICAL                                         A/C: Yes 100.00 %
                                                                              MC-10-616-08;MECHANICAL WOODSTOVE;MECHANICAL             W Generators:
                                   05/08/03 BP-05-204-0 MISCELLANEOUS         BP-05-204-03              Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                                                                                      Com. Wall:
                                                                                                       Size Adj: 1.1617               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                     Bldg. Rate:         1.3400
                                                                                                                                  Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 214.40
                                                                                                               BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                          ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                          TQF     3/4 STRY FIN             768     0.75    576
                                                                                                          FFF     FST FLR FIN              768     1.00    768
                                                                                                          BMU     BSMNT                    768     0.15    115
                                                                                                          DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE            224     0.10      22
                                                                                                          OPF     OPEN PORCH               256     0.25      64
                                                                                                          GLA:     1,344                 2,784           1,545




                                                                                                               2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                                Market Cost New:           $ 331,248
                                                                                                                       Year Built:              1990
                                                                                                               Condition For Age:  GOOD        13 %
                                                                                                                         Physical:
                                                                                                                      Functional:
                                                                                                                       Economic:
                                                                                                                      Temporary:
                                                                                                               Total Depreciation:             13 %

                                                                                                                  Building Value:                   $ 288,200
                                                                PAGE 221
Map: 000405         Lot: 000062        Sub: 000022        Card: 1 of 1              10 SAP HOUSE ROAD                      WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
ADOSSI, MATUI                               Date       Book   Page    Type        Price Grantor
                                            01/02/2026 9919   2967    QI        733,000 ROUSSEAU, CRYSTAL ANNE
AKOUETE, DEDE
                                            12/11/2023 9746   1392    QI        650,000 DUCK POND, LLC
10 SAP HOUSE ROAD                           12/16/2020 9396   2198   U V 20     326,000 NBAC CORPORATION

WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                 NOTES
02/12/26 DMVM V-SALE                        GRY; 2007: CREATE LOT; 1/24; PU NEW HSE; EST INT & 100% COMPL'D; ABV
01/24/24 DMVM                               AVG SID=VINYL SHAKES; 2/26; NOH; NC TO EXT;
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
04/18/23 DMVL
07/11/19 DMVL
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
07/15/14 DMVL
04/23/14  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond    Market Value Notes
DUCK POND                              1                    100 1,000.00 100           1,000                        WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                      1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500
                                                                                       6,500
                                                                                                                          PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                   Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2024      $ 401,500    $ 63,000      $ 113,800
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 578,300
                                                                                                                   2025      $ 401,500    $ 63,000      $ 113,800
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 578,300
                                                                                                                   2026      $ 577,700     $ 6,500      $ 158,700
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 742,900


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                   LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                                Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography                  Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  0.975 ac    151,830 F  110   100  100     100 95 -- MILD                 100     158,700  0 N      158,700
                            0.975 ac                                                                    158,700            158,700




                                                                            PAGE 222
Map: 000405   Lot: 000062   Sub: 000022       Card: 1 of 1            10 SAP HOUSE ROAD                        WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                     TAXABLE DISTRICTS                          BUILDING DETAILS
                                   ADOSSI, MATUI                         District       Percentage   Model: 2.00 STORY COLONIAL
                                   AKOUETE, DEDE                                                      Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   10 SAP HOUSE ROAD                                                    Ext: VINYL SIDING/ABOVE AVG
                                                                                                         Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                    Floor: HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:                                                  Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                             PERMITS                              Bedrooms: 4          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type       Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   12/06/23 BP02-52-23 CO ISSUED          CO ISSUED 12/6/23            A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators:
                                   07/25/23 EL07-365-23 ELECTRICAL        SFH NEW ELEC              Quality: A3 AVG+30
                                   07/17/23 MP07-342-23 MECHANICAL        GAS PIPING, APPLIANCES Com. Wall:
                                   07/03/23 MC07-323-23 MECHANICAL        LPG FIREPLACE AND VENTING
                                   06/21/23 PL06-297-23 PLUMBING          NEW PLUMB SFH            Size Adj: 0.8463               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   05/04/23 MP05-205-23 MECHANICAL        1000 UG TANK/LINES                                     Bldg. Rate:         1.1321
                                   02/09/23 BP02-52-23 NEW BUILDING       4BD,2BTH W GARAGE                                   Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 181.14
                                                                                                           BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                      ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                      EPU     COVERED BSMNT             30     0.35      11
                                                                                                      DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE            192     0.10      19
                                                                                                      UFF     UPPER FLR FIN           1162     1.00   1162
                                                                                                      FFF     FST FLR FIN             1290     1.00   1290
                                                                                                      BMU     BSMNT                   1290     0.15    194
                                                                                                      OPF     OPEN PORCH               128     0.25      32
                                                                                                      HSF     1/2 STRY FIN             506     0.50    253
                                                                                                      GAR     GARAGE                   506     0.45    228
                                                                                                      GLA:     2,705                 5,104           3,189




                                                                                                           2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                            Market Cost New:           $ 577,655
                                                                                                                   Year Built:              2023
                                                                                                           Condition For Age: AVERAGE
                                                                                                                     Physical:
                                                                                                                  Functional:
                                                                                                                   Economic:
                                                                                                                  Temporary:
                                                                                                           Total Depreciation:

                                                                                                              Building Value:                   $ 577,700
                                                             PAGE 223
Map: 000405        Lot: 000062        Sub: 000027        Card: 1 of 1               11 SKI TOW ROAD                      WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                           SALES HISTORY                                                 PICTURE
BABICZ, ANTHONY                            Date       Book Page Type         Price Grantor
                                           12/02/2025 9910 363   QI        715,000 LOPEZ, ESTEVAN
BABICZ, JENNIFER
                                           02/22/2022 9590 2512 Q I        675,000 DUCK POND, LLC
11 SKI TOW RD                              12/16/2020 9396 2198 U V 20     326,000 NBAC CORPORATION

WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                NOTES
02/12/26 DMVM V-SALE                       TAN; 2007: CREATE LOT; 1/22; PU NEW HSE; MODEL HOME; EST HSE IS
01/24/24 DMVM                              100% COMPL'D & INT; 6/22; VU'D BMF ONLY HAS 3 FIX BTH & DNPU BDRM
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION       IN BMF LACKS 2ND EGRESS; 2/26; NOH; EST BACK DECK DUE TO FENCE;
06/24/22 DMPL                              NC;
01/27/22 DMVM
07/11/19 DMVL
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
07/15/14 DMVL

                                        EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                      Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
DUCK POND                             1                    100 1,000.00 100          1,000                        WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                     1                    100 5,500.00 100          5,500 GAS
                                                                                     6,500
                                                                                                                        PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                 Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                 2024      $ 407,400    $ 63,000      $ 121,200
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 591,600
                                                                                                                 2025      $ 407,400    $ 63,000      $ 121,200
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 591,600
                                                                                                                 2026      $ 584,500     $ 6,500      $ 159,500
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 750,500


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                 LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                              Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  1.070 ac    152,603 F  110   100  100     100 95 -- MILD               100     159,500  0 N      159,500
                           1.070 ac                                                                   159,500            159,500




                                                                         PAGE 224
Map: 000405   Lot: 000062   Sub: 000027       Card: 1 of 1              11 SKI TOW ROAD                          WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   BABICZ, ANTHONY                        District        Percentage    Model: 2.00 STORY COLONIAL
                                   BABICZ, JENNIFER                                                      Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   11 SKI TOW RD                                                           Ext: VINYL SIDING/ABOVE AVG
                                                                                                            Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                       Floor: HARDWOOD/CARPET
                                      Account Number:                                                     Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                             PERMITS                                Bedrooms: 4           Baths: 3.5         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type       Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   02/24/22 EL02-60-22 ELECTRICAL          FINISH BASEMENT                A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators:
                                   02/24/22 PL02-59-22 PLUMBING            BATH IN BASEMENT            Quality: A3 AVG+30
                                   02/17/22 BP02-52-22 FINISH BASEMENT     NOT BEDROOM              Com. Wall:
                                   02/17/22              CO ISSUED         CO ISSUED 2/17/22
                                   07/21/21 MC-07-296-2 MECHANICAL         GAS PIPING                 Size Adj: 0.8410               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   07/20/21 EL-07-287-21 ELECTRICAL        ELECTRICAL SFH W/BP-03-54-21                             Bldg. Rate:         1.1250
                                   07/14/21 MC-07-274-2 MECHANICAL         FURNACE LPG 100K BTUS                                 Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 180.00
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                        ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                        UFF     UPPER FLR FIN           1043     1.00   1043
                                                                                                        FFF     FST FLR FIN             1167     1.00   1167
                                                                                                        BMF     BSMNT FINISHED           838     0.30    251
                                                                                                        OPF     OPEN PORCH               118     0.25      30
                                                                                                        TQF     3/4 STRY FIN             575     0.75    431
                                                                                                        GAR     GARAGE                   575     0.45    259
                                                                                                        BMU     BSMNT                    329     0.15      49
                                                                                                        DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE            168     0.10      17
                                                                                                        GLA:     2,641                 4,813           3,247




                                                                                                            2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                             Market Cost New:           $ 584,460
                                                                                                                    Year Built:              2021
                                                                                                            Condition For Age: AVERAGE
                                                                                                                      Physical:
                                                                                                                   Functional:
                                                                                                                    Economic:
                                                                                                                   Temporary:
                                                                                                            Total Depreciation:

                                                                                                                Building Value:                   $ 584,500
                                                             PAGE 225
Map: 000405      Lot: 000073         Sub: 000009        Card: 1 of 1         68 HOLLY HILL FARM ROAD                   WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
          OWNER INFORMATION                                         SALES HISTORY                                                 PICTURE
OWENS, TYLER                              Date       Book Page   Type       Price Grantor
                                          08/07/2025 9878 597    QI       623,000 DUCHARME, MARC
OSBORNE, SAMANTHA
                                          12/27/2004 7382 2579   QI       356,200 MYSTIC BROOK LLC
68 HOLLY HILL FARM ROAD


WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                             NOTES
12/16/25 RWVX V-SALE                      YELLOW; 7/19; NOH; NC TO EXT; WOB; 6/24; NOH; NC TO EXT; WELL
06/04/24 DMVM                             MAINT; 12/25; HO REF MEAS/INFO; EST ONLY; NC NOTED @ DW;
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
07/10/19 DMVM
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
07/29/16 LMHC
07/03/14 DMVM
09/19/11 LMHC

                                       EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                       MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                     Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
HOLLY HILL                           1                    100 7,000.00 100          7,000                        WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
                                                                                    7,000

                                                                                                                      PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                               Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                               2024      $ 294,800     $ 1,000      $ 128,300
                                                                                                                                      Parcel Total: $ 424,100
                                                                                                               2025      $ 294,800     $ 1,000      $ 128,300
                                                                                                                                      Parcel Total: $ 424,100
                                                                                                               2026      $ 432,200     $ 7,000      $ 192,700
                                                                                                                                     Parcel Total: $ 631,900


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                  LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                                  Site: GOOD Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography               Cond Ad Valorem SPI R    Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  1.110 ac    152,928 G  120   105  100     100 100 -- LEVEL            100     192,700  0 N       192,700
                          1.110 ac                                                                   192,700           192,700




                                                                        PAGE 226
Map: 000405   Lot: 000073   Sub: 000009       Card: 1 of 1      68 HOLLY HILL FARM ROAD                         WEARE                 Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                    TAXABLE DISTRICTS                            BUILDING DETAILS
                                   OWENS, TYLER                         District        Percentage       Model: 2.00 STORY COLONIAL
                                   OSBORNE, SAMANTHA                                                      Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   68 HOLLY HILL FARM ROAD                                                  Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                             Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                        Floor: HARDWOOD/CARPET
                                      Account Number:                                                      Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                             PERMITS                                  Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures: 9
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type     Notes                                    Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   10/28/04 EL-10-765-04 ELECTRICAL      EL-10-765-04;W/BP-09-621-04 SFH A/C: Yes 100.00 %                 Generators:
                                   10/21/04 PL-10-737-04 PLUMBING        PL-10-737-04;PLUMBING W/BP-09-621-04
                                                                                                        Quality: A2SFH
                                                                                                                     AVG+20
                                   10/11/04 MC-10-697-0 MECHANICAL       MC-10-697-04;MECHANICAL W/BP-09-621-04
                                                                                                     Com. Wall:        SFH
                                   09/27/04 BP-09-621-0 MISCELLANEOUS    BP-09-621-04;SINGLE FAMILY HOME;SFH
                                   08/10/04 SR-08-533-04 SEPTIC          SR-08-533-04;SEPTIC           Size Adj: 0.8891               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                     Bldg. Rate:         1.0769
                                                                                                                                  Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 172.31
                                                                                                               BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                       ID        Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                       EPF     ENCLOSED                  144     0.70    101
                                                                                                       CTH     CATHEDRAL                 308     0.10      31
                                                                                                       FFF     FST FLR FIN              1262     1.00   1262
                                                                                                       BMU     BSMNT                    1262     0.15    189
                                                                                                       UFF     UPPER FLR FIN             936     1.00    936
                                                                                                       OPF     OPEN PORCH                198     0.25      50
                                                                                                       GAR     GARAGE                    484     0.45    218
                                                                                                       GLA:     2,198                  4,594           2,787




                                                                                                            2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                             Market Cost New:           $ 480,228
                                                                                                                    Year Built:              2004
                                                                                                            Condition For Age:  GOOD        10 %
                                                                                                                      Physical:
                                                                                                                   Functional:
                                                                                                                    Economic:
                                                                                                                   Temporary:
                                                                                                            Total Depreciation:             10 %

                                                                                                               Building Value:                     $ 432,200
                                                             PAGE 227
Map: 000405         Lot: 000073        Sub: 000011        Card: 1 of 1          84 HOLLY HILL FARM ROAD                    WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                              SALES HISTORY                                                PICTURE
SLATE, BRADLEY                              Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            08/01/2025 9876 2303   QI         638,000 L'HEUREUX, STEVEN M
                                            03/23/2015 8736 1101   U I 99     225,000 MACEY, EVERETT
180 KENNEY STREET                           05/09/2005 7458 508    QI         299,533 MYSTIC BROOK LLC

MANCHESTER, NH 03103
            LISTING HISTORY                                                 NOTES
12/16/25 RWVM V-SALE                        GRY; 2/9; HO NOT PRESENT; SLOPES UP FROM RD; 7/14 NOH; WINTERIZED;
06/04/24 DMVM                               7/19; ALL INFO FROM HO DNVI; CORR'D FLRING; PU SHED; EXT=GD; 3/23;
01/01/24  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        NEW SEPTIC 2022; 6/24; NOH; NC TO EXT; EXT=GD; 12/25; NOH; EXT COND
03/06/23 DMPR                               STILL GD; NO EXT CHNG NOTED; BAR SINK IN BMT FIN AREA, QUARTZ
07/11/19 DMVM                               CTOPS, WHITE SKAHER CABS/ISLAND, BACKSPLASH, SS APPL
01/09/19  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
07/29/16 LMHC
07/08/14 DMVM

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
HOLLY HILL                             1                    100 7,000.00 100           7,000                        WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-METAL                           80      8 x 10         260     5.00   40            416
                                                                                       7,400
                                                                                                                          PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                   Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2024      $ 284,000     $ 1,500      $ 121,700
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 407,200
                                                                                                                   2025      $ 284,000     $ 1,500      $ 121,700
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 407,200
                                                                                                                   2026      $ 444,400     $ 7,400      $ 174,200
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 626,000


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                   LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                                Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography                  Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  1.100 ac    152,847 G  120   100  100     100 95 -- MILD                 100     174,200  0 N      174,200
                            1.100 ac                                                                    174,200            174,200




                                                                           PAGE 228
Map: 000405   Lot: 000073   Sub: 000011      Card: 1 of 1       84 HOLLY HILL FARM ROAD                        WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                           OWNER                     TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   SLATE, BRADLEY                       District        Percentage     Model: 2.50 STORY COLONIAL
                                                                                                         Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   180 KENNEY STREET                                                      Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   MANCHESTER, NH 03103                                                 Floor: CARPET/LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number:                                                    Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                             PERMITS                                Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures: 9
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type     Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   05/09/22 SR05-174-22 SEPTIC           SEPTIC REPLACEMENT               A/C: Yes 100.00 %              Generators:
                                   04/02/15 MC-04-59-15 MECHANICAL       WATER HEATER REPLACEMENTQuality:
                                                                                                        LPG MC-04-59-15.
                                                                                                                A2 AVG+20
                                   06/27/05 SW-06-424-0 SWIMMING POOL    SW-06-424-05;INFLATABLE POOL,
                                                                                                    Com. 18 ROUND X 4 DEEP;18
                                                                                                         Wall:
                                   06/27/05 EL-06-427-05 ELECTRICAL      EL-06-427-05;ELECTRICAL FOR POOL;18 ABOVE GR. POOL
                                   03/30/05 EL-03-140-05 ELECTRICAL                                  Size Adj: 0.8755
                                                                         EL-03-140-05;18 ABOVE GR. POOL                             Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   03/29/05 PL-03-137-05 PLUMBING        PL-03-137-05;18 ABOVE GR. POOL                            Bldg. Rate:         1.0287
                                   03/10/05 MC-03-97-05 MECHANICAL       MC-03-97-05;18 ABOVE GR. POOL                          Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 164.60
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                       ID       Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                       GAR    GARAGE                    484     0.45    218
                                                                                                       HSF    1/2 STRY FIN              954     0.50    477
                                                                                                       UFF    UPPER FLR FIN             954     1.00    954
                                                                                                       FFF    FST FLR FIN               954     1.00    954
                                                                                                       BMF    BSMNT FINISHED            954     0.30    286
                                                                                                       DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE             120     0.10      12
                                                                                                       ENT    ENTRY WAY                  20     0.10       2
                                                                                                       GLA:    2,385                  4,440           2,903




                                                                                                           2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                            Market Cost New:            $ 477,834
                                                                                                                   Year Built:               2005
                                                                                                           Condition For Age: VERY GOOD       7%
                                                                                                                     Physical:
                                                                                                                  Functional:
                                                                                                                   Economic:
                                                                                                                  Temporary:
                                                                                                           Total Depreciation:                7%

                                                                                                              Building Value:                    $ 444,400
                                                             PAGE 229
Map: 000406        Lot: 000001        Sub: 000001        Card: 1 of 1                 131 CROSS ROAD                     WEARE            Printed:   08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                               SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
GOODWIN, KIMBERLY JEAN                     Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                           04/14/2026 9944   1422   QI         700,000 HIRD, ANDREW R
GOODWIN, ISAIAH
                                           02/06/2017 8942   2599   U I 27     310,000 IVINJACK, BRIAN &
56 2ND STREET                              04/10/2012 8415   0219   U I 49     182,533 SKIRKEY, CHRISTOPHER J
                                           07/22/2005 7507   1859   QI         254,000 JONES, ALLAN PAUL
CONCORD , NH 03301
            LISTING HISTORY                                                NOTES
06/30/26 DMVE V-SALE                       YEL; NEW ROOF IN '12; 04/16 UPGRADED ELECT 200 AMP SERV; NEW
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION       SIDING '15; GEN ALSO POWERS ACROSS ST; RBU IS OLD BARN/MILKING
11/19/25 BHVE                              PIT, NO LONGER HAS APARTMENT-KIT REMOVED; EFF 4/17 GOOGLE
02/12/20 DMVE                              MAPS/CALC INDICATE 4.5 ACRES (OF 6) DIST ON THIS LOT; 2002 VOTE
01/01/20  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION       MADE PARCEL COMMERCIAL, 4/18 PU SOLAR PANELS AND ABV AVG
02/11/19 DMPR                              SIDING=VINYL; 2/20; NOH; DWY GATED; VINYL WINDOWS; BARN COND AT
04/20/18 DMPR                              25 FOR OB, LEAVE; 11/25; HO OPT OUT=EST NC @ THIS TIME; 6/26
05/03/17 LMAL                              EST=GATED DW;
                                        EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                      MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                      Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond    Market Value Notes
BARN-1STRY                        4,608    96 x 48          63   27.00   25          19,596 ATT 158X48/MTL ROOF    WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
BARN-1STRY                        7,584    158 x 48         62   27.00   25          31,739 ATT TO HSE/MTL ROOF
SHED-WOOD                           396    33 x 12         100   17.00    0               0 ATT158X48/MANURE PIT
BARN-1STRY                        4,000    100 x 40         64   27.00   40          27,648 QUANSET HUT                PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
SHED-EQUIPMENT                      176     22 x 8         151   11.00   40           1,169 TO RIGHT OF HOUSE
                                                                                                                 Year      Building  Features         Land
SHED-EQUIPMENT                    3,050    61 x 50          65   11.00   25           5,452 NEXT TO Q HUT/LEFT
SHED-WOOD                           240    16 x 15         127   17.00   40           2,073 ATT TO 158X48        2024    $ 267,300   $ 69,100     $ 131,402
SHED-WOOD                           216    18 x 12         134   17.00   20             984 COOP/ATT 16X15                          Parcel Total: $ 467,802
SHED-WOOD                            48      6x8           393   17.00   10             321 GOAT SHELTER         2025    $ 267,300   $ 69,100     $ 131,490
SOLAR ELECT PANEL                    24                    100  400.00   85           8,160 GROUND 2017                             Parcel Total: $ 467,890
                                                                                      97,100                      2026     $ 386,100    $ 97,100     $ 181,898
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 665,098


                                                LAND VALUATION                                                               LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: COMMERCIAL    Minimum Acreage: 2.00 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type                  Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography             Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                     2.000 ac    160,000 F   110   100    100 95 100 -- LEVEL             100     167,200     0 N    167,200
1F RES                     2.500 ac     x 4,000 X   94                  90 -- ROLLING           100       8,500     0 N      8,500
FARM LAND                200.000 ff      x 100 F   110                  100 -- LEVEL            100      22,000     0 N          0
FARM LAND                 11.850 ac     x 4,000 X   94                  100 -- LEVEL            100      44,600 100 N        6,198
                          16.350 ac                                                                    242,300           181,898




                                                                           PAGE 230
Map: 000406   Lot: 000001   Sub: 000001       Card: 1 of 1               131 CROSS ROAD                           WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   GOODWIN, KIMBERLY JEAN                  District        Percentage    Model: 2.00 STORY CONVENTION
                                   GOODWIN, ISAIAH                                                         Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   56 2ND STREET                                                             Ext: VINYL SIDING/ABOVE AVG
                                                                                                             Int: DRYWALL
                                   CONCORD , NH 03301                                                      Floor: PINE/SOFT WD/HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:                                                       Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                              PERMITS                                 Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type        Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   07/07/17 BP-07-342-1 SOLAR ARRAY         ( 24) PANEL 7.2KW SOLAR GROUNDA/C:    No
                                                                                                              TRACKER                      Generators: 1
                                   09/02/15 EL-08-391-15 ELECTRICAL         ELECTRICAL 200 AMP EL-08-391-15
                                                                                                         Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                   11/12/14 MC-11-475-1 MECHANICAL          LPG TANK 120 GAL. MC-11-475-14
                                                                                                      Com. Wall:
                                   12/18/12 MC-12-634-1 MECHANICAL          MC-12-634-12;MECHANICAL LPG WALL HEATER & GAS P
                                   06/13/12 MC-06-285-1 MECHANICAL                                     Size Adj:
                                                                            MC-06-285-12A;MECHANICAL SWAP           LPG TANK 120 Base
                                                                                                              OUT0.8502               G Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   06/13/12 MC-06-285-1 MECHANICAL          MC-06-285-12;MECHANICAL SWAP LPG TANK (120) GAL.;M Rate: Bldg.               0.9348
                                   03/10/03 DM-03-64-03 DEMOLITION          DM-03-64-03                                           Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 149.58
                                                                                                               BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                         ID       Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                         UFF     UPPER FLR FIN           2400     1.00   2400
                                                                                                         RBU     RAISED BSMNT            2016     0.25    504
                                                                                                         GAR     GARAGE                   384     0.45    173
                                                                                                         OPF     OPEN PORCH               264     0.25      66
                                                                                                         DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE             48     0.10       5
                                                                                                         GLA:    2,400                  5,112           3,148




                                                                                                             2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                              Market Cost New:           $ 470,878
                                                                                                                     Year Built:              1965
                                                                                                             Condition For Age:  GOOD        18 %
                                                                                                                       Physical:
                                                                                                                    Functional:
                                                                                                                     Economic:
                                                                                                                    Temporary:
                                                                                                             Total Depreciation:             18 %

                                                                                                                 Building Value:                   $ 386,100
                                                              PAGE 231
Map: 000406      Lot: 000014        Sub: 000000         Card: 1 of 1         311 SOUTH SUGAR HILL RD                        WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                             SALES HISTORY                                                  PICTURE
LOUIS, JAKE G                            Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                         05/08/2026 9951   145    QI         510,000 GORMAN, DANIEL B
                                         03/01/2016 8834   1471   U I 39     249,000 REED, MARK
50 HANCOCK STREET                        03/04/2003 6853   1333   U I 38             REED, MARK S
                                         02/01/1999 6058   1729   QI         110,000 GILMAN, DONALD/JUANITA
MANCHESTER, NH 03101                     10/01/1995 5661   1998   U I 38             WIFE
            LISTING HISTORY                                               NOTES
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION     YEL; ORIG HSE DESTROYED BY FIRE 8/8/02; 4/14 NOH; PU DEK & CHANGE
11/25/25 BHVM                            UFU TO UFF; 9' CEILS, ORIG K+B; 3/17 CORR'D FFU TO FFF; 2/20; VU'D W/HO;
02/03/20 ZBVL                            INT ALL ORIG/WORN; 16X24 STILL UFU; WOB; RMV PAT =NV; KIT=FMICA,
01/01/20  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION     LG ISL W/SML SINK & HDWD CABS; LG CRACK IN BMU/HO PLANS TO FIX;
03/31/17 DMPR                            BMU=WET DURING HEAVY RAIN. CARPETS UFF=WORN; ROOF IN PR
05/10/16 ERVM SALE                       SHAPE; 11/25; DELETED XFOBS & ADJ; FLOORS ARE VERY WORN
04/18/14 DMPR                            THROUGHOUT, GAR NEEDS REPAIR
07/15/13 DMVM

                                      EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                             MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                    Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
GARAGE-1 STY                     576     24 x 24          88    44.00   50         11,151 HEATED/NDS WORK            WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-EQUIPMENT                   360     20 x 18         104    11.00   25          1,030 BEHIND COOP/LOFT
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                   1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500
LEAN-TO                          312     24 x 13         111     4.00   20            277 ATT TO 24X24                     PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                    18,000                          Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                    2024      $ 285,800    $ 24,700      $ 103,700
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 414,200
                                                                                                                    2025      $ 285,800    $ 24,700      $ 103,700
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 414,200
                                                                                                                    2026      $ 348,500    $ 18,000      $ 161,300
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 527,800


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                             Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography               Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  1.280 ac    154,311 F  110   100  100     100 95 -- MILD              100     161,300  0 N      161,300
                         1.280 ac                                                                     161,300               161,300




                                                                         PAGE 232
Map: 000406   Lot: 000014   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1       311 SOUTH SUGAR HILL RD                        WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                     TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   LOUIS, JAKE G                         District        Percentage     Model: 2.50 STORY COLONIAL
                                                                                                          Roof: GABLE OR HIP/PREFAB METALS
                                   50 HANCOCK STREET                                                       Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                            Int: DRYWALL
                                   MANCHESTER, NH 03101                                                  Floor: CARPET/HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number: 1,480                                               Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                              PERMITS                                Bedrooms: 4          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures: 6
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type      Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   03/28/14 BP-03-66-14 DECK              DECK 10'X6'                     A/C: No                         Generators:
                                   12/13/07 BP-12-736-0 MISCELLANEOUS     BP-12-736-07;PORCH 12X24 DECK   24 X 16;RENEWAL
                                                                                                       Quality:  A1 AVG+10 OF
                                   09/28/06 BP-09-647-0 MISCELLANEOUS     BP-09-647-06;PORCH 12X 24 DECK  24 X 16;PORCH 12X 2
                                                                                                     Com. Wall:
                                   05/13/03 MC-05-216-0 MECHANICAL        MC-05-216-03
                                   04/17/03 EL-04-134-03 ELECTRICAL       EL-04-134-03                Size Adj: 0.8784               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   03/10/03 BP-01-06-03 MISCELLANEOUS     BP-01-06-03                                               Bldg. Rate:         0.9461
                                   03/10/03 MC-03-61-03 MECHANICAL        MC-03-61-03                                            Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 151.38
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                        ID       Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                        ATU    ATTIC                     912     0.10      91
                                                                                                        UFF    UPPER FLR FIN             988     1.00    988
                                                                                                        FFF    FST FLR FIN              1388     1.00   1388
                                                                                                        BMU    BSMNT                    1296     0.15    194
                                                                                                        CRL    CRAWL SPACE                92     0.05       5
                                                                                                        TQU    3/4 STRY UNFIN            384     0.25      96
                                                                                                        DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE             444     0.10      44
                                                                                                        OPF    OPEN PORCH                288     0.25      72
                                                                                                        GLA:    2,376                  5,792           2,878




                                                                                                            2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                             Market Cost New:           $ 435,672
                                                                                                                    Year Built:              2003
                                                                                                            Condition For Age: AVERAGE      13 %
                                                                                                                      Physical:
                                                                                                                   Functional:   BMT          2%
                                                                                                                    Economic:
                                                                                                                   Temporary: SEE NOTES       5%
                                                                                                            Total Depreciation:             20 %

                                                                                                               Building Value:                    $ 348,500
                                                              PAGE 233
Map: 000406       Lot: 000027        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1          352 SOUTH SUGAR HILL RD                   WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                              SALES HISTORY                                             PICTURE
KESNER, AIDEN KEATS                       Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                          05/15/2026 9953    22    QI         535,000 CHARTIER, GARETT
KESNER, HANNAH MABEL
                                          09/06/2024 9800   935    QI         440,000 GILLIGAN, JENNY MAE
29 BOG ROAD #38                           12/01/2015 8811   2130   U I 39           1 CHARTIER, NATHAN
                                          10/01/2003 7081   2653   U I 38             GILLIGAN/CHARTIER
CONCORD, NH 03303                         09/28/1999 6162   1227   QI          97,900 READE, LYNN M.
            LISTING HISTORY                                             NOTES
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION      GRY; FNDTN=STONE, YB=EST; 2/14 NOH; EST NEW SEPTIC IN 2013; 4/16
11/25/25 BHVM V-SALE                      ADDED UNDERGROUND PROPANE TANK; 3/17 NOH; PU FRNT DEK; 4/18;
02/03/20 ZBVM                             NOH; EST GEN IS FOR SHOP & HSE; 2/19 ADD MONITOR HEAT TO HSE, NC
01/01/20  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION      TO VALUE; VU OBST BY TREES & PLS-DNPU; 2/20; NOH; NC TO EXT; APPRS
02/11/19 DMPR                             WELL MAINT; SPK W/WORKER AT BAKERY, DNVI=OWNER NOT AROUND,
04/20/18 DMPR                             ALLOWED MEAS; EST NC TO COLD STO; DNPU SM SHED @ BAKERY
03/31/17 DMPM                             DW=NV; 11/25; VINYL WINDS; ADJ SIZE OF XFOBS; RMVD PAT FROM
04/26/16 DMPR                             SKETCH ADDED TO XFOBS; "ABIGAILS BAKERY";
                                       EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                     Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
BARN-1STRY                         984    24 x 41          76    27.00   40          8,077                        WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                           48     12 x 4         393    17.00   25            802 ATT 24X42
SHOP-EX                          1,800    60 x 30          69    47.00 200        116,748 BAKERY
COLD STORAGE                        80     8 x 10          87    65.00   50          2,262 IN SHOP                     PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                    1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500
                                                                                                                Year       Building  Features    Land
SHED-EQUIPMENT                     372    12 x 31         103    11.00   80          3,372 ATT TO 24X41
PATIO                              180    18 x 10         149     7.00   10            188 POOR                 2024      $ 190,000    $ 75,200      $ 107,100
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 372,300
                                                                                  136,900
                                                                                                                2025      $ 190,000    $ 75,200      $ 107,100
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 372,300
                                                                                                                2026      $ 282,000   $ 136,900      $ 159,900
                                                                                                                                      Parcel Total: $ 578,800


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                 LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                         Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography               Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  2.270 ac    161,080 F  110   100  100      95 95 -- MILD              100     159,900     0 N    159,900
                          2.270 ac                                                                    159,900           159,900




                                                                          PAGE 234
Map: 000406   Lot: 000027   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1         352 SOUTH SUGAR HILL RD                        WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   KESNER, AIDEN KEATS                     District        Percentage     Model: 2.50 STORY COLONIAL
                                   KESNER, HANNAH MABEL                                                    Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   29 BOG ROAD #38                                                           Ext: WOOD SHINGLE
                                                                                                              Int: DRYWALL
                                   CONCORD, NH 03303                                                       Floor: PINE/SOFT WD
                                      Account Number:   2,747                                               Heat: OIL/FA DUCTED
                                                                PERMITS                                Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 1.0         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type        Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   08/20/18 MC-08-416-1 MECHANICAL                                          A/C: No
                                                                            LPG WALL HTR 38K BTU IN RESIDENCE                               Generators: 1
                                   01/29/18 EL-01-29-18 ELECTRICAL          GENERATOR LPG 20KW FOR BAKERYQuality: A1 AVG+10
                                   06/10/16 BP-06-262-1 DECK                DECK 36 SQ. FT. W/STAIRS Com. Wall:
                                   07/29/15 MC-07-326-1 MECHANICAL          LPG TANK 1000 GAL UNDERGROUND FOR BAKERY MC-07
                                   08/27/14 SR-08-333-14 SEPTIC                                         Size Adj:
                                                                            SEPTIC REVIEW ABIGAILS BAKERY           0.9489
                                                                                                               SR-08-333-14            Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   08/27/13 SE-08-354-13 SEPTIC             SEPTIC REPLACEMENT CA2013111965 FOR BAKERY                Bldg. Rate:         0.9920
                                   01/14/13 SR-01-14-13 SEPTIC              SR-01-14-13;SEPTIC REVIEW NEW DESIGN                   Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 158.72
                                                                                                                BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                          ID       Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                          HSF    1/2 STRY FIN              720     0.50    360
                                                                                                          UFF    UPPER FLR FIN             720     1.00    720
                                                                                                          FFF    FST FLR FIN              1236     1.00   1236
                                                                                                          CRL    CRAWL SPACE               720     0.05      36
                                                                                                          VLT    VAULTED                   264     0.05      13
                                                                                                          SLB    SLAB                      516     0.00       0
                                                                                                          DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE              36     0.10       4
                                                                                                          GLA:    2,316                  4,212           2,369




                                                                                                              2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                               Market Cost New:           $ 376,008
                                                                                                                      Year Built:              1909
                                                                                                              Condition For Age:  GOOD        25 %
                                                                                                                        Physical:
                                                                                                                     Functional:
                                                                                                                      Economic:
                                                                                                                     Temporary:
                                                                                                              Total Depreciation:             25 %

                                                                                                                 Building Value:                    $ 282,000
                                                                PAGE 235
Map: 000406        Lot: 000036        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1                 80 DUNBAR ROAD                       WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                               SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
RENNA, JAMES & JENNIFER                    Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                           04/01/2026 9940   2815   QI         485,000 MUNRO, DAVID
                                           02/14/2022 9588   1703   U I 81           1 MUNRO, JANE E REVOC
80 DUNBAR ROAD                             06/16/2016 8866   0926   U I 38           1 MUNRO, JANE

WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                              NOTES
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION       BEIGE; 2007: ADJUST ACREAGE PER LLA; 1/07 GAZEBO STILL ON
11/25/25 BHVL                              PROPERTY; ADD LT, GAR DOOR LEFT SIDE OF HSE DNPU=ACC; 7/13 HALF
02/10/20 DMVX OPT OUT                      BTH IN BSMT; DNPU PORT GRNHSE; TILE COUNTERS IN KIT & MSTR BTH,
01/01/20  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION       NO UPDATES; 2/20; DAUGHTER IN-LAW REF INT & EXT INSP, EST FROM RD;
07/10/13 DMVL                              11/25; PORTABLE STO DNPU; RMVD 2 XFOBS; ADJ FOR BMU;
01/09/13  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
06/06/11 KCVM
04/27/07  JDSL

                                        EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                          MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                      Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-CUST                      1                    100 7,500.00 100           7,500                         WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                          120     10 x 12         193    17.00   80          3,150
PATIO                              144     12 x 12         171     7.00   50            862
DECK                               120     12 x 10         193     7.00   50            811 FOR GRNHSE                    PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                      12,300                       Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2024      $ 254,100     $ 7,500       $ 98,900
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 360,500
                                                                                                                   2025      $ 254,100     $ 7,500       $ 98,900
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 360,500
                                                                                                                   2026      $ 330,400    $ 12,300      $ 166,400
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 509,100


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                   LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                        Site: GOOD Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: DIRT/GRAVEL
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography                 Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  4.000 ac    168,000 F  110   105   95      95 95 -- MILD                100     166,400     0 N    166,400
                           4.000 ac                                                                      166,400           166,400




                                                                           PAGE 236
Map: 000406   Lot: 000036   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1                 80 DUNBAR ROAD                     WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                             OWNER                        TAXABLE DISTRICTS                      BUILDING DETAILS
                                   RENNA, JAMES & JENNIFER                   District    Percentage      Model: 1.00 STORY RANCH
                                                                                                           Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   80 DUNBAR ROAD                                                           Ext: CEDAR/REDWD
                                                                                                             Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                        Floor: CARPET/HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:   2,362                                              Heat: OIL/FA DUCTED
                                                                PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 2          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures: 9
                                    Date   Permit ID    Permit Type           Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                                                                                           A/C: No                         Generators:
                                                                                                        Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                                                                                      Com. Wall:
                                                                                                       Size Adj: 0.9447               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                     Bldg. Rate:         1.0392
                                                                                                                                  Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 166.27
                                                                                                               BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                      ID       Description           Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                      GAR    GARAGE                     579     0.45    261
                                                                                                      FFF    FST FLR FIN               1776     1.00   1776
                                                                                                      BMU    BSMNT                     1776     0.15    266
                                                                                                      OPF    OPEN PORCH                 290     0.25      73
                                                                                                      DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE              184     0.10      18
                                                                                                      GLA:    1,776                   4,605           2,394




                                                                                                         2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                          Market Cost New:           $ 398,050
                                                                                                                 Year Built:              1991
                                                                                                         Condition For Age: AVERAGE      17 %
                                                                                                                   Physical:
                                                                                                                Functional:
                                                                                                                 Economic:
                                                                                                                Temporary:
                                                                                                         Total Depreciation:             17 %

                                                                                                             Building Value:                      $ 330,400
                                                                PAGE 237
Map: 000406         Lot: 000047        Sub: 000003        Card: 1 of 1                1060 RIVER ROAD                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                              SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
STEEVES, STEPHEN                            Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            09/24/2025 9891 907    QI         640,000 BISSONNETTE, PAUL R
                                            05/05/2015 8747 2536   QI         249,933 HARDY, KIM M
1060 RIVER ROAD                             07/31/2008 8006 345    U I 38             HARDY, ROGER D
                                            02/05/2007 7804 252    U I 39             HARDY, KIM
WEARE, NH 03281-4713                        12/27/2005 7606 2824   U I 38             HARDY, R CONST
            LISTING HISTORY                                                 NOTES
02/11/26 DMVM V-SALE                        CREAM/BRICK; PLAN#33942; CU REMOVAL '05;WALKOUT BSMNT; IN-LAW
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        APT; SPRINKLER SYS IN HSE; FMICA CTOPS W/OAK CABINETS IN BOTH
10/01/25 BHVL V-SALE                        KITS; 1/20; NOH; EXT=GD; DNPU (3) CANVAS SHEDS OR HC RAMP; PU DEK
01/30/20 DMVM                               & REMV A DEK; 4/21; REPLACED SEPTIC; 10/25; HC RAMP DNPU; CANVAS
01/01/20  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        GAR DNPU; ACC TO ATTIC OVER GAR VIA PDS DNPU; 2/26; ALL INFO FROM
07/26/16  ERH                               HO, NOTHING INCL IN SALE; HO STATED NO WATER IN GAR RMV FUNC;
06/08/16 DMCL                               CORR'D BSMT;
04/26/16 DMPM

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-CUST                       1                    100 7,500.00 100           7,500 INT FS                WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                           140     14 x 10         174    17.00 100           4,141 HAS OH DOOR
POOL-ABOVE GROUND                   374     22 x 17         103    11.00   80          3,390 ROUND
DECK                                200     1 x 200         140     7.00 100           1,960 EST/SHP/POOL                PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                      17,000                      Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                  2024      $ 354,400    $ 11,100      $ 120,900
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 486,400
                                                                                                                  2025      $ 354,400    $ 11,100      $ 120,900
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 486,400
                                                                                                                  2026      $ 515,800    $ 17,000      $ 165,900
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 698,700


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                             LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                   Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography            Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
2F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    100 100 95 -- MILD              95     158,400  0 N      158,400 DRAINAGE ISSUES
2F RES                      2.090 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  90 -- ROLLING          100       7,500  0 N        7,500
                            4.020 ac                                                                    165,900           165,900




                                                                           PAGE 238
Map: 000406   Lot: 000047   Sub: 000003       Card: 1 of 1              1060 RIVER ROAD                           WEARE                 Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                            BUILDING DETAILS
                                   STEEVES, STEPHEN                       District        Percentage       Model: 1.50 STORY CONVENTL
                                                                                                             Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   1060 RIVER ROAD                                                             Ext: BRK VENEER/VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                                Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281-4713                                                      Floor: CARPET/HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:                                                         Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                             PERMITS                                    Bedrooms: 4           Baths: 3.5        Fixtures: 11
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type       Notes                                     Extra Kitchens: 1        Fireplaces:
                                   04/02/21 SE-04-76-21 SEPTIC             REPLACE SEPTIC ECA2021032912 A/C: No                              Generators:
                                   08/03/15 EL-08-336-15 ELECTRICAL        ELECTRICAL FOR POOL EL-08-336-15
                                                                                                          Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                   07/27/15 SW-07-322-1 SWIMMING POOL      POOL ABOVE GROUND 52'X21'      SW-07-322-15
                                                                                                        Com. Wall:
                                   11/29/07 BP-11-661-0 MISCELLANEOUS      BP-11-661-07;SHED 10 X 12;SHED 10 X 12
                                   11/21/05 MC-11-823-0 MECHANICAL                                       Size  Adj: 0.7633
                                                                           MC-11-823-05;W/ BP-05-314-05 INSPECTED/APPROVED              Base Rate: RMF 160.00
                                   09/27/05 PL-09-696-05 PLUMBING          PL-09-696-05;W/ BP-05-314-05 C/O ISSUED 11/28/              Bldg. Rate:         0.8562
                                   09/23/05 EL-09-688-05 ELECTRICAL        EL-09-688-05;W/ BP-05-314-05      C/O ISSUED 1           Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 136.99
                                                                                                                  BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                         ID        Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                         GAR     GARAGE                   1095     0.45    493
                                                                                                         PAT     PATIO                      90     0.05       5
                                                                                                         RBU     RAISED BSMNT              842     0.25    211
                                                                                                         DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE             318     0.10      32
                                                                                                         CTH     CATHEDRAL                1636     0.10    164
                                                                                                         FFF     FST FLR FIN              2819     1.00   2819
                                                                                                         BMU     BSMNT                    1911     0.15    287
                                                                                                         OPF     OPEN PORCH                272     0.25      68
                                                                                                         HSF     1/2 STRY FIN              702     0.50    351
                                                                                                         SLB     SLAB                       66     0.00       0
                                                                                                         GLA:     3,170                  9,751           4,430




                                                                                                              2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                               Market Cost New:           $ 606,866
                                                                                                                      Year Built:              2005
                                                                                                              Condition For Age: AVERAGE      15 %
                                                                                                                        Physical:
                                                                                                                     Functional:
                                                                                                                      Economic:
                                                                                                                     Temporary:
                                                                                                              Total Depreciation:             15 %

                                                                                                                 Building Value:                     $ 515,800
                                                             PAGE 239
Map: 000406         Lot: 000056        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1                1097 RIVER ROAD                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                            SALES HISTORY                                                  PICTURE
HART, MICHAEL JOHN                          Date       Book Page   Type       Price Grantor
                                            11/03/2025 9903 479    QI       492,000 LESCRINIER, MICHAEL K
SALOMON-MONTES, GISELA
                                            08/18/2020 9336 187    QI       340,000 KOPPEL, DONALD L&
1097 RIVER ROAD                             07/01/1988             QI       114,900

WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                 NOTES
02/11/26 DMVM V-SALE                        GREY; 3 BR SEPTIC SYSTEM; 7/13 ALL INFO FR HO (MRS); OUTSIDE BAD
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        TIME; EST FPL & PU SHED; 1/20; HO BUSY, DNVI & NO INFO; WELL MAINT;
10/01/25 BHVM                               EXT=GD; VINYL WINDOWS; EST COOP DUE TO FENCE; 10/20; INFO @
01/27/22 DMPR                               DOOR; CARPET RMVD-ALL HDWD; ONLY 1 FPL, 1 HEARTH W/WD STV; 1/22;
10/07/20 RWVM                               REPLACE ELEC STOVE TO GAS-NVC; 10/25; WINDOW AC; HOT TUB REAR
01/31/20 DMVM                               DEK DNPU PORTABLE; ROOF AVG; WINDS ORIG; 2/26; SOME INFO FROM
01/01/20  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        GUEST; NC TO EXT; GRANITE/WD CABS & SS APPL; BEAMS IN VLT AREA,
07/16/13 DMVM                               BUILT INS
                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-CUST                       1                    100 7,500.00 100           7,500 GAS                   WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
GARAGE-1 STY                        480     24 x 20          93    44.00 100          19,642 HEATED
SHED-WOOD                            96      12 x 8         227    17.00 100           3,705
SHED-WOOD                            24       6x4           400    17.00   25            408 ATT/COOP                    PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
LEAN-TO                              40      10 x 4         400     4.00   25            160 ATT
                                                                                                                  Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                      31,400                      2024      $ 230,100    $ 19,400      $ 123,000
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 372,500
                                                                                                                  2025      $ 230,100    $ 19,400      $ 123,000
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 372,500
                                                                                                                  2026      $ 341,500    $ 31,400      $ 166,500
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 539,400


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                                LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                         Site: GOOD Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography            Cond Ad Valorem SPI R     Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   105    100 100 90 -- ROLLING          100     165,900  0 N        165,900
1F RES                      0.170 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  90 -- ROLLING          100         600  0 N            600
                            2.100 ac                                                                    166,500           166,500




                                                                           PAGE 240
Map: 000406   Lot: 000056   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1               1097 RIVER ROAD                          WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   HART, MICHAEL JOHN                      District        Percentage    Model: 1.00 STORY R RANCH
                                   SALOMON-MONTES, GISELA                                                  Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   1097 RIVER ROAD                                                           Ext: VINYL SIDING/STONE VENEER
                                                                                                             Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                         Floor: HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:   444                                                 Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                              PERMITS                                 Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 1.0         Fixtures: 3
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type         Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   07/27/21 MC-07-304-2 MECHANICAL          GAS PIPING                      A/C: No                        Generators:
                                   01/13/10 MC-01-12-10 MECHANICAL          MC-01-12-10;MECHANICAL INSTALL    58 A1
                                                                                                        Quality:  GAL  TANK & GAS P
                                                                                                                      AVG+10
                                   01/11/10 EL-01-10-10 ELECTRICAL          EL-01-10-10;ELECTRICAL FORCom.
                                                                                                       PROPANE
                                                                                                           Wall: HEATING UNIT IN
                                   08/20/04 BP-08-567-0 MISCELLANEOUS       BP-08-567-04;FOUNDATION/GARAGE
                                   07/08/98 BP-07-129-9 ADDITION                                       Size
                                                                            BP-07-129-98;ADDITION;EXPAND  SFAdj:   0.9329
                                                                                                              RESIDENTIAL;BUILD       Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                     Bldg. Rate:         1.0057
                                                                                                                                  Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 160.91
                                                                                                               BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                         ID        Description         Area    Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                         VLT     VAULTED                  468 0.05       23
                                                                                                         PRS     PIER                     160 -0.05      -8
                                                                                                         DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE            714 0.10       71
                                                                                                         FFF     FST FLR FIN             1588 1.00    1588
                                                                                                         OPF     OPEN PORCH                12 0.25        3
                                                                                                         RBU     RAISED BSMNT             440 0.25     110
                                                                                                         RBF     RAISED BSMNT             908 0.75     681
                                                                                                         GLA:     1,588                 4,290        2,468




                                                                                                             2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                              Market Cost New:           $ 397,126
                                                                                                                     Year Built:              1986
                                                                                                             Condition For Age:  GOOD        14 %
                                                                                                                       Physical:
                                                                                                                    Functional:
                                                                                                                     Economic:
                                                                                                                    Temporary:
                                                                                                             Total Depreciation:             14 %

                                                                                                                 Building Value:                   $ 341,500
                                                              PAGE 241
Map: 000407         Lot: 000038          Sub: 000061         Card: 1 of 1           194 BUCKLEY ROAD #061                   WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                 SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
BELAR, SEPEHR                                  Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                               09/29/2025 9892 1312   QI          40,000 WEBER, WILLIAM S
                                               06/14/2016 8865 0450   QI          23,533 SCOTT, DANA M
4121 AVALON DRIVE                              09/14/2004 7318 314    U I 27      18,000 CORSETTI, J&M

WILMINGTON, MA 01887
            LISTING HISTORY                                                  NOTES
02/12/26 DMVM V-SALE                           WHT/RST, "CAPRI/YELLOWSTONE", SITE & AMENS= 1/130 UNDIVIDED INT
06/25/25 DMVM                                  IN COMMON AREA & .09 ACRES NO CHANGE 1997; 5/09 N.O.H;P/U
01/01/25  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION           DEK;WELL LANDSCAPED; 1/21; NOH; CORR'D DEK; HAS PATCHES ON
01/12/21 DMVM                                  ROOF; 6/25; NOH; NEW MTL ROOF OVER MAIN CAMPER; 2/26; NOH; NC;
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
05/13/09 ERPM
04/20/06 BHPM
07/08/05 CNRL

                                           EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                         Units Lngth x Width Size Adj  Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
ALL SEASONS VIEW                         1                    100 35,000.00   90         31,500 OBST                  WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
                                                                                         31,500

                                                                                                                           PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                    Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                    2024       $ 13,200    $ 15,000            $0
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 28,200
                                                                                                                    2025       $ 13,800    $ 15,000            $0
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 28,800
                                                                                                                    2026        $ 7,500    $ 31,500            $0
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 39,000


                                                  LAND VALUATION                                                               LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93    Minimum Frontage: 200                                           Site:             Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type 1F RES                    Neighborhood: E                                               Cond Ad Valorem SPI R    Tax Value Notes

                                  0 ac




                                                                              PAGE 242
Map: 000407   Lot: 000038   Sub: 000061      Card: 1 of 1         194 BUCKLEY ROAD #061                         WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                           OWNER                     TAXABLE DISTRICTS                            BUILDING DETAILS
                                   BELAR, SEPEHR                        District        Percentage      Model: 1.00 STORY PARK MODEL
                                                                                                          Roof: FLAT/PREFAB METALS
                                   4121 AVALON DRIVE                                                       Ext: PREFIN METAL
                                                                                                            Int: WALL BOARD
                                   WILMINGTON, MA 01887                                                  Floor: CARPET/LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number: 818                                                 Heat: GAS/FA NO DUCTS
                                                             PERMITS                                 Bedrooms: 1          Baths: 1.0         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type      Notes                                   Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   05/23/08 BP-05-234-0 MISCELLANEOUS                                     A/C: No 6 X 30 &
                                                                         BP-05-234-08;DECKS 6 X 30 & 12 X 14;DECKS                        Generators:
                                                                                                       Quality: A2 AVG+20
                                                                                                    Com. Wall:
                                                                                                      Size Adj: 1.0211               Base Rate: MRV 120.00
                                                                                                                                    Bldg. Rate:         1.1028
                                                                                                                                 Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 132.33
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                       ID        Description          Area    Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                       PRS     PIER                      408 -0.05     -20
                                                                                                       OPF     OPEN PORCH                 32 0.25        8
                                                                                                       EPF     ENCLOSED                  200 0.70     140
                                                                                                       DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE             342 0.10       34
                                                                                                       FFF     FST FLR FIN               408 1.00     408
                                                                                                       GLA:     408                    1,390          570




                                                                                                           2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                            Market Cost New:            $ 75,428
                                                                                                                   Year Built:              1986
                                                                                                           Condition For Age: AVERAGE      90 %
                                                                                                                     Physical:
                                                                                                                  Functional:
                                                                                                                   Economic:
                                                                                                                  Temporary:
                                                                                                           Total Depreciation:             90 %

                                                                                                              Building Value:                       $ 7,500
                                                            PAGE 243
Map: 000407         Lot: 000038          Sub: 000062         Card: 1 of 1           194 BUCKLEY ROAD #062                   WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                 SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
BOCCELLI, MELISSA                              Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                               11/14/2025 9906 774    QI          72,500 GONYA, DENNIS
                                               02/14/2025 9836  29    QI          65,000 BARON, ELANA S ESQ
640 HALL ROAD                                  10/04/2000 6299 1208   QI          10,000 ALL SEASONS CAMP
                                               02/03/1998 5898 1677   U I 18      13,000 HILL, STYGLES
BRISTOL, NH 03222
             LISTING HISTORY                                                  NOTES
02/12/26 DMVM V-SALE                           BLUE; CANTERBURY; SITE & AMENS; 5/11 NOH CHANGED PRS TO SLB &
06/25/25 DMVM                                  EST VLT; AC UNDER UNIT; 6/25; NOH; CHNGD ROOF COVER; EXT=GD; DEK
01/01/25  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION           IS IN PR COND; 2/26; NOH; NC;
01/12/21 DMVM
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
06/22/11 DMCL
05/13/11 DMVM
04/20/06 BHPM

                                           EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                         Units Lngth x Width Size Adj  Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
ALL SEASONS VIEW                         1                    100 35,000.00   90         31,500 OBST                  WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
                                                                                         31,500

                                                                                                                           PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                    Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                    2024       $ 14,700    $ 15,000            $0
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 29,700
                                                                                                                    2025       $ 15,200    $ 15,000            $0
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 30,200
                                                                                                                    2026       $ 38,800    $ 31,500            $0
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 70,300


                                                  LAND VALUATION                                                               LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93    Minimum Frontage: 200                                           Site:             Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type 1F RES                    Neighborhood: E                                               Cond Ad Valorem SPI R    Tax Value Notes

                                  0 ac




                                                                              PAGE 244
Map: 000407   Lot: 000038   Sub: 000062       Card: 1 of 1             194 BUCKLEY ROAD #062                 WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                              OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                      BUILDING DETAILS
                                   BOCCELLI, MELISSA                        District    Percentage      Model: 1.00 STORY PARK MODEL
                                                                                                          Roof: GABLE OR HIP/PREFAB METALS
                                   640 HALL ROAD                                                           Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                            Int: WALL BOARD
                                   BRISTOL, NH 03222                                                     Floor: CARPET/LAMINATE/VINYL
                                       Account Number:   1,678                                            Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                                 PERMITS                             Bedrooms: 1          Baths: 1.0         Fixtures: 3
                                    Date   Permit ID     Permit Type         Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                                                                                          A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators:
                                                                                                       Quality: A4 EXC
                                                                                                     Com. Wall:
                                                                                                      Size Adj: 1.1000               Base Rate: MRV 120.00
                                                                                                                                    Bldg. Rate:         1.4630
                                                                                                                                 Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 175.56
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                     ID       Description           Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                     FFF    FST FLR FIN                410     1.00    410
                                                                                                     SLB    SLAB                       405     0.00       0
                                                                                                     ATF    ATTIC FINISHED             241     0.25      60
                                                                                                     DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE               15     0.10       2
                                                                                                     VLT    VAULTED                    164     0.05       8
                                                                                                     GLA:    470                     1,235             480




                                                                                                        2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                         Market Cost New:            $ 84,269
                                                                                                                Year Built:              2000
                                                                                                        Condition For Age:  GOOD        54 %
                                                                                                                  Physical:
                                                                                                               Functional:
                                                                                                                Economic:
                                                                                                               Temporary:
                                                                                                        Total Depreciation:             54 %

                                                                                                            Building Value:                       $ 38,800
                                                                 PAGE 245
Map: 000407         Lot: 000038          Sub: 000078         Card: 1 of 1           194 BUCKLEY ROAD #078                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                 SALES HISTORY                                                 PICTURE
MICHAUD, DANIELLE                              Date       Book   Page   Type       Price Grantor
                                               11/10/2025 9904   2740   QI        93,533 WALSH, ANGIE L
MICHAUD, PAUL
                                               10/20/2023 9735   2651   QI        65,000 UBERTI, LYNN M
175 E DUNSTABLE ROAD                           05/24/2022 9619   674    QI        48,000 IANNUZZI, JAMES TRUSTEE
                                               09/13/1993 5471   0601   QI             1 ALL SEASONS TRAILER
NASHUA, NH 03062                               09/18/1986 3662   116    QV         9,600
            LISTING HISTORY                                                     NOTES
02/12/26 DMVM V-SALE                           GREY CHARIOT EAGLE, SITE & AMENS= 1/130 UNDIVIDED INT IN COMMON
03/12/25 DMVM                                  AREA & .07 ACRES; 3/01 P/U EPF; 4/02 CORRECT QUALITY ADJ TO BRING IN
01/01/25  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION           LINE W/SIMILAR CAMPERS; 7/05 ADJ FOR ADD PHYS& RATIO;5/09 NOH P/U
01/12/21 DMVM                                  NEW SHED,BETTER QUALITY COMP TO OTHERS,WELL LANDSCAPED; 1/21;
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION           NOH; CHNGD PRS TO SLB; EXT=GD; 3/25; NOH; PU AC=MINI SPLIT
05/13/09 ERPM                                  LOCATED UNDER 10X21 FFF/PRS; 2/26; NOH; NC TO EXT;
04/20/06 BHPM
07/08/05 CNRL

                                           EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                          MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                         Units Lngth x Width Size Adj  Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                             144     12 x 12         171     17.00 100           4,186 GRAY ON SONA TUBES     WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
ALL SEASONS VIEW                         1                    100 35,000.00   90         31,500 OBST
                                                                                          35,700
                                                                                                                             PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                      Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                      2024       $ 13,800    $ 17,500            $0
                                                                                                                                              Parcel Total: $ 31,300
                                                                                                                      2025       $ 15,400    $ 17,500            $0
                                                                                                                                              Parcel Total: $ 32,900
                                                                                                                      2026       $ 66,900    $ 35,700            $0
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 102,600


                                                  LAND VALUATION                                                                 LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93    Minimum Frontage: 200                                            Site:              Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type 1F RES                    Neighborhood: E                                                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R     Tax Value Notes

                                  0 ac




                                                                               PAGE 246
Map: 000407   Lot: 000038   Sub: 000078       Card: 1 of 1         194 BUCKLEY ROAD #078                        WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                     TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   MICHAUD, DANIELLE                     District        Percentage     Model: 1.00 STORY CAMPER
                                   MICHAUD, PAUL                                                         Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   175 E DUNSTABLE ROAD                                                    Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                            Int: WALL BOARD
                                   NASHUA, NH 03062                                                      Floor: CARPET
                                      Account Number:   817                                               Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                              PERMITS                                Bedrooms: 1          Baths: 1.0         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type       Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   07/25/24 MP07-350-24 MECHANICAL        REPLACE 1-120                   A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators:
                                   06/05/08 BP-05-246-0 MISCELLANEOUS     BP-05-246-08;SHED 12X12;REPLACE   SHED
                                                                                                       Quality:  A412X12
                                                                                                                    EXC SHED WI
                                                                                                    Com. Wall:
                                                                                                      Size Adj: 0.9803               Base Rate: MRV 120.00
                                                                                                                                    Bldg. Rate:         1.2626
                                                                                                                                 Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 151.52
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                        ID       Description          Area    Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                        FFF    FST FLR FIN               622 1.00     622
                                                                                                        SLB    SLAB                      412 0.00        0
                                                                                                        DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE             200 0.10       20
                                                                                                        PRS    PIER                      210 -0.05     -11
                                                                                                        GLA:    622                    1,444          631




                                                                                                            2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                             Market Cost New:            $ 95,609
                                                                                                                    Year Built:              1994
                                                                                                            Condition For Age: EXCELLENT    30 %
                                                                                                                      Physical:
                                                                                                                   Functional:
                                                                                                                    Economic:
                                                                                                                   Temporary:
                                                                                                            Total Depreciation:             30 %

                                                                                                               Building Value:                     $ 66,900
                                                              PAGE 247
Map: 000407         Lot: 000038          Sub: 000126         Card: 1 of 1           194 BUCKLEY ROAD #126                     WEARE           Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                   SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
HOWARD, SCOTT                                  Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                               09/08/2025 9886   2230   QI          77,000 LABRANCHE, LYNN E
HOWARD, ANGELA
                                               10/22/2014 8701   1549   U I 38             LABRANCHE, LYNN E
4 PARK AVENUE                                  10/04/2013 8610   1438   U I 27             CLARK, B LYNN
                                               04/25/2012 8420   0977   U I 27             LABRANCHE, LYNN E
PLAISTOW, NH 03865                             04/25/2012 8420   0977   U I 27             HUGHES, CHRISTINE
             LISTING HISTORY                                                 NOTES
 06/30/25 DMVM                                 WHT; SITE & AMENS=1/130 UNDIVIDED INT IN COMMON AREA & .14
 01/01/25  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION          ACRES LIMITED COMMON AREA; "KING SPORT BY GULF STREAM"; NH
 02/02/22 DMPM                                 LICENSE #OURMPV 2010; 04/12 EACH OWNER HAS 1/3 INTEREST TENANTS
 01/11/21 DMVM                                 IN COMMON; 2/22; PU SHED & LNTO; 6/25; NOH; ADDED DEK TO SKETCH;
 01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION          4-SALE;
 02/26/20 DMPM
 05/04/15 DMPM
 03/14/11 DMPM

                                           EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                          MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                         Units Lngth x Width Size Adj  Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
ALL SEASONS                              1                    100 30,000.00 125          37,500 LARGE LOT               WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                              64       8x8           310     17.00   60          2,024 ATT
LEAN-TO                                40       5x8           400      4.00   50            320 ATT
                                                                                          39,800                             PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                      Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                      2024        $ 8,100   $ 17,600            $0
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 25,700
                                                                                                                      2025        $ 8,400   $ 16,500            $0
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 24,900
                                                                                                                      2026       $ 34,200   $ 39,800            $0
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 74,000


                                                  LAND VALUATION                                                                LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93    Minimum Frontage: 200                                                  Site: GOOD Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type 1F RES                    Neighborhood: F                                                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes

                                  0 ac




                                                                               PAGE 248
Map: 000407   Lot: 000038   Sub: 000126       Card: 1 of 1            194 BUCKLEY ROAD #126                        WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                             OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   HOWARD, SCOTT                            District        Percentage    Model: 1.00 STORY CAMPER
                                   HOWARD, ANGELA                                                           Roof: FLAT/METAL/TIN
                                   4 PARK AVENUE                                                             Ext: PREFIN METAL
                                                                                                              Int: WALL BOARD
                                   PLAISTOW, NH 03865                                                      Floor: CARPET
                                       Account Number:   1,256                                              Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                                 PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 2          Baths: 1.0         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type         Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   08/10/21 BP-08-328-2 SHED                 8X8                             A/C: Yes 100.00 %              Generators:
                                   08/09/19 BP-08-493-1 DECK                 DECK 23'X12'                Quality: A0 AVG
                                   07/16/10 BP-07-402-1 MISCELLANEOUS        BP-07-402-10;35 CAMPER PERMANENT
                                                                                                       Com. Wall: COMPLETED PER H
                                   07/15/10 EL-07-399-10 ELECTRICAL          EL-07-399-10;ELECTRICAL NEW METER
                                   10/15/08 DM-10-608-0 DEMOLITION           DM-10-608-08;REMOVE TRAILERSize Adj:126;DEMOLITION
                                                                                                           LOT      1.3273           OFBase Rate: MRV 120.00
                                                                                                                                      Bldg. Rate:         1.2344
                                                                                                                                   Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 148.13
                                                                                                                BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                          ID     Description            Area    Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                          FFF  FST FLR FIN                 316 1.00     316
                                                                                                          PRS  PIER                        256 -0.05     -13
                                                                                                          DEK DECK/ENTRANCE                270 0.10       27
                                                                                                          GLA: 316                         842          330




                                                                                                              2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                               Market Cost New:            $ 48,883
                                                                                                                      Year Built:              2008
                                                                                                              Condition For Age: VERY GOOD    30 %
                                                                                                                        Physical:
                                                                                                                     Functional:
                                                                                                                      Economic:
                                                                                                                     Temporary:
                                                                                                              Total Depreciation:             30 %

                                                                                                                  Building Value:                    $ 34,200
                                                                 PAGE 249
Map: 000407       Lot: 000071          Sub: 000000          Card: 1 of 1          396 FLANDERS MEMORIAL RD                  WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                              SALES HISTORY                                                 PICTURE
GAGNE, JORDAN ELIZABETH                       Date       Book Page Type         Price Grantor
                                              10/30/2025 9901 2900 Q I        675,000 POPE, SYLVIA T
SKLADONY, SAMUEL D
                                              06/02/2025 9859 2812 U V 97           1 POPE, SYLVIA
396 FLANDERS MEMORIAL ROAD


WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                   NOTES
02/12/26 DMVR V-SALE                          RED, INT GOOD; 3 FPLS ON 1, 3 ON ANOTHER; 5/11 NOH DNPU SMALL
09/10/25 DMVM                                 SHED= NV; CORR'D XFOBS; CHANGED EPF TO FFF/PRS; 10/15 GRAVEL FLR
01/01/25  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION          IN BSMT; CORR'D FPL; WOOD CTOPS W/ WD CABINETS IN KIT; WELL
01/07/21 DMVM                                 MAINT; UPGRADE BTHRM IN HSF; HSF MEAS 12FT; EXT=GD FOR AGE; 9/25;
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION          NOH; CORR'D BARN; WD FRAMED WINDS (OLD) W/STORMS; CORR'D STRY
10/20/15 DMCL                                 HGT; EFF 4/26 ACREAGE ADJ PER PLAN OF LAND #42443 & CE DEED (PLC);
06/30/15 DMVM                                 2/26; NOH; NC TO EXT;
09/19/11 LMHC

                                           EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                         Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 3-STAND                        3                    100 9,000.00   50         13,500 NOT USEABLE            WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
FIREPLACE 3-STAND                        1                    100 9,000.00   75          6,750
BARN-1STRY/LOFT                       780     26 x 30          81    31.00   60         11,751 ATT TO 37X21
BARN-1STRY/LOFT                       777     37 x 21          81    31.00   60         11,706 ATT TO HSE                  PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                        43,700                      Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                    2024      $ 286,300    $ 32,800      $ 126,748
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 445,848
                                                                                                                    2025      $ 283,500    $ 31,300      $ 126,800
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 441,600
                                                                                                                    2026      $ 401,700    $ 43,700      $ 172,814
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 618,214


                                               LAND VALUATION                                                                  LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: VILLAGE Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 250                                                        Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type                 Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                    1.910 ac    159,437 F   110   100  100   95 100 -- LEVEL                100     166,600     0 N    166,600 EXCL AREA
FARM LAND                 6.300 ac     x 4,000 X   89                  95 -- MILD                 100      21,300 100 N        3,295 EXCL AREA
FARM LAND             1,000.000 ff      x 100 F   110                  95 -- MILD                  25      26,100     0 N          0
WETLANDS                 10.000 ac     x 4,000 X   89                                              10       3,600 100 N          210 CE
UNMNGD HARDWD             7.000 ac     x 4,000 X   89                  90 -- ROLLING               25       5,600 90 N           704 CE
UNMNGD PINE               2.190 ac     x 4,000 X   89                  90 -- ROLLING               25       1,800 100 N          436 CE
FARM LAND                 3.000 ac     x 4,000 X   89                  95 -- MILD                  25       2,500 100 N        1,569 CE
                         30.400 ac                                                                        227,500           172,814




                                                                             PAGE 250
Map: 000407   Lot: 000071   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1        396 FLANDERS MEMORIAL RD                       WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                          BUILDING DETAILS
                                   GAGNE, JORDAN ELIZABETH                 District       Percentage    Model: 2.50 STORY COLONIAL
                                   SKLADONY, SAMUEL D                                                     Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   396 FLANDERS MEMORIAL ROAD                                              Ext: CLAP BOARD
                                                                                                            Int: PLASTERED
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                       Floor: PINE/SOFT WD
                                      Account Number:   2,654                                             Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                              Bedrooms: 5          Baths: 3.0         Fixtures: 9
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type         Notes                                Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   10/20/05 MC-10-732-0 MECHANICAL                                         A/C: No
                                                                            MC-10-732-05;NEW OIL BURNER - INSP./APPROVED      BY FI       Generators:
                                                                                                       Quality: A3 AVG+30
                                                                                                     Com. Wall:
                                                                                                      Size Adj: 0.7709               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                    Bldg. Rate:         0.9621
                                                                                                                                 Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 153.93
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                         ID       Description          Area    Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                         FFF    FST FLR FIN              2040 1.00    2040
                                                                                                         CRL    CRAWL SPACE              1074 0.05       54
                                                                                                         HSF    1/2 STRY FIN              189 0.50       95
                                                                                                         ATU    ATTIC                    1755 0.10     176
                                                                                                         UFF    UPPER FLR FIN            1755 1.00    1755
                                                                                                         OPF    OPEN PORCH                 78 0.25       20
                                                                                                         BMU    BSMNT                     918 0.15     138
                                                                                                         PRS    PIER                       48 -0.05      -2
                                                                                                         ENT    ENTRY WAY                  21 0.10        2
                                                                                                         GLA:    3,890                  7,878        4,278




                                                                                                             2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                              Market Cost New:           $ 658,513
                                                                                                                     Year Built:              1770
                                                                                                             Condition For Age:   GOOD       38 %
                                                                                                                       Physical:
                                                                                                                    Functional: DRT BSMT       1%
                                                                                                                     Economic:
                                                                                                                    Temporary:
                                                                                                             Total Depreciation:             39 %

                                                                                                                Building Value:                   $ 401,700
                                                                PAGE 251
Map: 000407      Lot: 000079          Sub: 000000          Card: 1 of 1         393 FLANDERS MEMORIAL RD                    WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                             SALES HISTORY                                                  PICTURE
KRESS, JOEL C                                Date       Book Page   Type       Price Grantor
                                             05/30/2025 9859 1429   QI       400,000 POPE, SYLVIA T

393 FLANDERS MEMORIAL ROAD


WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                               NOTES
02/12/26 DMVR V-SALE                        YELLOW, YB=EST; DNPU VP SHED; 08 WOODSTOVE; 10/15 SUMP PUMP;
09/10/25 DMVM                               FMICA CTOPS W/ STAND WD CABINETS; NC TO EXT; EFF 4/25 LLA PL 42190
01/01/25  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        LESS PARCEL A PLUS PARCEL B; 9/25; NOH; CORR'D XFOBS; FIELDSTONE
01/07/21 DMVM                               FNDTN ON HSE; PU DEK & SLB; 2/26; NOH; NC TO EXT;
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
10/20/15 DMCL
06/30/15 DMVM
09/19/11 LMHC

                                          EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                        Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
BARN-2STRY                           750     30 x 25          81   35.00   70         14,884 SLB                     WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
BARN-1STRY                           390     30 x 13         101   27.00   50          5,318 ATT BRN 30X25/DRT FL
DECK                                 200     10 x 20         140    7.00   70          1,372 NO RAILS
                                                                                      21,600                               PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                    Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                    2024      $ 130,100    $ 13,000      $ 109,294
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 252,394
                                                                                                                    2025      $ 130,000    $ 16,000      $ 107,475
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 253,475
                                                                                                                    2026      $ 213,600    $ 21,600      $ 158,013
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 393,213


                                              LAND VALUATION                                                                 LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                           Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type                Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography               Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                   0.750 ac    150,000 F   110   100  100    95 100 -- LEVEL              100     156,800     0 N    156,800
UNMNGD HARDWD           12.070 ac     x 4,000 X   95                  90 -- ROLLING             100      41,300 90 N         1,213
                        12.820 ac                                                                       198,100             158,013




                                                                           PAGE 252
Map: 000407   Lot: 000079   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1        393 FLANDERS MEMORIAL RD                       WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                          BUILDING DETAILS
                                   KRESS, JOEL C                           District       Percentage    Model: 1.75 STORY CAPE
                                                                                                         Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   393 FLANDERS MEMORIAL ROAD                                              Ext: CLAP BOARD
                                                                                                            Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                       Floor: LINOLEUM OR SIM
                                      Account Number:   2,653                                             Heat: OIL/FA DUCTED
                                                                PERMITS                              Bedrooms: 2          Baths: 1.0         Fixtures: 3
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type         Notes                                Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   10/13/10 MC-10-620-1 MECHANICAL                                        A/C:PELLET
                                                                            MC-10-620-10;MECHANICAL INSTALL      No     STOVE & P         Generators:
                                   11/05/08 MC-11-667-0 MECHANICAL          MC-11-667-08;MECHANICAL WOOD   STOVE
                                                                                                       Quality:      W/METAL CHI
                                                                                                                 A1 AVG+10
                                                                                                    Com. Wall:
                                                                                                      Size Adj: 1.1847               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                    Bldg. Rate:         1.1494
                                                                                                                                 Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 183.90
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                         ID       Description          Area      Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                         TQF    3/4 STRY FIN              725    0.75    544
                                                                                                         FFF    FST FLR FIN               725    1.00    725
                                                                                                         BMU    BSMNT                     725    0.15    109
                                                                                                         EPU    COVERED BSMNT              30    0.35      11
                                                                                                         EPF    ENCLOSED                  133    0.70      93
                                                                                                         ENT    ENTRY WAY                  60    0.10       6
                                                                                                         DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE              12    0.10       1
                                                                                                         GLA:    1,269                  2,410          1,489




                                                                                                             2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                              Market Cost New:           $ 273,827
                                                                                                                     Year Built:              1940
                                                                                                             Condition For Age:  GOOD        22 %
                                                                                                                       Physical:
                                                                                                                    Functional:
                                                                                                                     Economic:
                                                                                                                    Temporary:
                                                                                                             Total Depreciation:             22 %

                                                                                                                Building Value:                   $ 213,600
                                                                PAGE 253
Map: 000407       Lot: 000080         Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1          415 FLANDERS MEMORIAL RD                 WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                           SALES HISTORY                                                 PICTURE
TOWLES, JOHN BRICE                         Date       Book Page   Type       Price Grantor
                                           05/12/2026 9952 188    QI       630,000 MIX, LAUREN
TOWLES, SAMANTHA DIANE
                                           05/03/2016 8852 0530   QI       324,933 BELL, MARGARET ANGELA
4807 FARM ROAD 2022                        04/17/2006 7659 2589   QI       355,000 NEY, CAROLYN
                                           08/19/2002 6690 534    QI       273,667 BENTLEY, K&A
MONETT, MO 65708                           11/18/1999 6182  69    QI       149,000 CROSS, PETER/KAREN
            LISTING HISTORY                                              NOTES
09/10/25 DMVM                              WHT; CHIMNEY FOR WOODSTOVE; DNPU 6X9 SHED ATT TO 16X14 SHED;
01/01/25  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION       6/15 FMICA CTOPS W/ OLD WOOD CABINETS & TIN CEIL IN KIT; 1/21; ALL
01/07/21 DMVM                              INFO FROM HO (MRS) DNVI; NEW ROOF 2019; SUMP PUMP (3), GRAVEL FLR
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION       IN BSMNT; 9/25; NO INFO FROM TENANT; WELL MAINT; EST NEW ROOF;
06/30/15 DMVL                              LIVING SPACE OVER 21X22 BARN IS ON SKETCH; 7/26 P&B
04/20/12 ERPM PU SHED
03/15/11 DMPR
04/30/10 DMPL

                                        EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                       MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                      Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
BARN-1STRY/BSMT                    984     41 x 24          76    29.00   50         10,844                       WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
BARN-1STRY/LOFT                    224     16 x 14         131    31.00   50          4,548 ATT
SHED-EQUIPMENT                     168     14 x 12         155    11.00   30            859 ATT 16X14
BARN-1STRY/LOFT/BSMT               792     22 x 36          80    33.00   90         18,818 ATT TO HOUSE               PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                     1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500
                                                                                                                Year       Building  Features    Land
SHED-WOOD                           64       8x8           310    17.00   50          1,686 GOAT SHED
BARN-1STRY/BSMT                    462     21 x 22          95    29.00   90         11,455 UNDER MSTR BDRM     2024      $ 231,800    $ 36,100      $ 128,800
SHED-WOOD                           54       6x9           356    17.00   50          1,634 ATT 14X16                                  Parcel Total: $ 396,700
PATIO                              325     1 x 325         109     7.00   40            992 EST/SHAPE           2025      $ 231,800    $ 39,100      $ 128,800
LEAN-TO                             84      7 x 12         250     4.00   30            252 ATT TO 41X24                               Parcel Total: $ 399,700
                                                                                     56,600                     2026      $ 388,900    $ 56,600      $ 186,200
                                                                                                                                      Parcel Total: $ 631,700


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                              LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: VILLAGE   Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 250                                                            Site: GOOD Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography           Cond Ad Valorem SPI R    Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   105  100   100 95 -- MILD            100     175,100  0 N       175,100
1F RES                      3.070 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  90 -- ROLLING         100      11,100  0 N        11,100
                           5.000 ac                                                                   186,200           186,200




                                                                          PAGE 254
Map: 000407   Lot: 000080   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1        415 FLANDERS MEMORIAL RD                        WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   TOWLES, JOHN BRICE                      District        Percentage    Model: 1.75 STORY CONVENTION
                                   TOWLES, SAMANTHA DIANE                                                 Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   4807 FARM ROAD 2022                                                      Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                             Int: DRYWALL
                                   MONETT, MO 65708                                                       Floor: PINE/SOFT WD
                                      Account Number:   1,213                                              Heat: GAS/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 4          Baths: 3.0         Fixtures: 9
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type        Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   07/13/12 SG-07-339-1 SIGN                SIGN 2X3 "KIDDINAROUND FARM A/C: No                            Generators:
                                   07/20/11 BP-07-341-1 SHED                SHED 8 X 8                  Quality: A3 AVG+30
                                   10/27/09 PL-10-592-09 PLUMBING           PLUMBING W/BP-10-591-09 ADD
                                                                                                     Com.FULL
                                                                                                           Wall:BATH
                                   10/27/09 EL-10-593-09 ELECTRICAL         ELECTRICAL W/BP-10-591-09 ADD FULL BA
                                   10/27/09 BP-10-591-0 MISCELLANEOUS       ADD BATHRM TO 2ND FLR      Size Adj: 0.8483               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   06/02/06 MC-06-338-0 MECHANICAL          MC-06-338-06                                             Bldg. Rate:         1.0807
                                   06/02/06 CH-06-337-0 CHIMNEY             CHIMNEY ON OUTSIDE WALL OF FAMILY ROO                 Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 172.92
                                                                                                               BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                         ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                         FFF     FST FLR FIN             1925     1.00   1925
                                                                                                         CRL     CRAWL SPACE              813     0.05      41
                                                                                                         OPF     OPEN PORCH                85     0.25      21
                                                                                                         TQF     3/4 STRY FIN             839     0.75    629
                                                                                                         BMU     BSMNT                   1112     0.15    167
                                                                                                         CTH     CATHEDRAL                170     0.10      17
                                                                                                         HSF     1/2 STRY FIN             735     0.50    368
                                                                                                         GLA:     2,922                 5,679           3,168




                                                                                                             2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                              Market Cost New:            $ 547,811
                                                                                                                     Year Built:               1840
                                                                                                             Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     24 %
                                                                                                                       Physical:
                                                                                                                    Functional:
                                                                                                                     Economic:     CTR          5%
                                                                                                                    Temporary:
                                                                                                             Total Depreciation:              29 %

                                                                                                                 Building Value:                   $ 388,900
                                                                PAGE 255
Map: 000408         Lot: 000015        Sub: 000000           Card: 1 of 1            82 MAPLEWOLD ROAD                        WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                   SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
                                           .
YOST, DEAN                                     Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                               10/01/2025 9893   1623   QI         625,000 PATTERSON, SCOTT C
RIEDEL, ABIGAIL
                                               05/23/2017 8970   1331   QI         326,000 RUCKENBROD TRUST
82 MAPLEWOLD ROAD                              07/02/2009 8109   355    U I 44             RUCKENBROD, G&J
                                               03/10/2009 8063   1697   U I 44             RUCKENBROD TRST
WEARE, NH 03281                                01/02/2007 7789   2683   U I 44             RUCKENBROD, G&J
            LISTING HISTORY                                                     NOTES
05/05/26 DMPM                                  YELLOW; WOODS; SLOPED; BROOK ON LEFT; CANNOT BE SUBDIVIDED;
01/27/26 DMVM V-SALE                           10/15 NC; 1/20; EXT GD COND; PU SHED; EST NC TO PAT=SNOW; DNPU
04/03/25 DMVM                                  BMF=NO HEAT, SOME FLRS/WALLS, NO CEILS; LINO, FMICA/OAK CABS;
01/01/25  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION           LAMINATE FLRS, SOME HDWD IN ENTRY WAY & LR; ADJ SKETCH FOR CTH
01/03/20 ZBVL                                  IN MSTR, SOME CARPET UPSTAIRS; 4/25; ALL INFO FROM HO (MRS) DNVI;
01/01/20  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION           PU GEN 20KW & SHED; DNPU COOP=NV ON PRS; 1/26; NOH; 5/26; PU GAR &
10/20/15 DMCL                                  CPT;
05/20/15 DMVM

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                            MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond      Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                      1                    100 5,500.00 100              5,500 GAS                     WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                             80     10 x 8         260    17.00   80             2,829
SHED-WOOD                            120    10 x 12         193    17.00 100              3,937
LEAN-TO                               90     10 x 9         238     4.00 100                857 ATT TO COOP                  PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
GARAGE-1 STY                       1,200    30 x 40          73    44.00   90            34,690 METAL
                                                                                                                      Year       Building  Features    Land
CARPORT METAL                        480    12 x 40          93    10.00 100              4,464 ATT TO GAR/SLB
                                                                                                                      2024      $ 283,000     $ 4,700       $ 95,800
                                                                                          52,300
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 383,500
                                                                                                                      2025      $ 291,300     $ 7,800       $ 95,800
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 394,900
                                                                                                                      2026      $ 430,900    $ 52,300      $ 160,200
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 643,400


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                                  LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                   Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: DIRT/GRAVEL
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    95  100 90 -- ROLLING              100     150,100     0 N    150,100
1F RES                      3.110 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  90 -- ROLLING               90      10,100     0 N     10,100 WET
                            5.040 ac                                                                       160,200            160,200




                                                                               PAGE 256
Map: 000408   Lot: 000015   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1            82 MAPLEWOLD ROAD                            WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                            BUILDING DETAILS
                                   YOST, DEAN                              District        Percentage      Model: 2.00 STORY COLONIAL
                                   RIEDEL, ABIGAIL                                                          Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   82 MAPLEWOLD ROAD                                                          Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                               Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                          Floor: HARDWOOD/CARPET
                                      Account Number:   2,670                                                Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                                PERMITS                                 Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures: 8
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type        Notes                                   Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   10/22/25 BP10-543-25 GARAGE              30X40 MTL GAR&LEAN TO            A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators: 1
                                   11/08/24 MP11-611-24 MECHANICAL          GAS PIPE GENERATOR            Quality: A3 AVG+30
                                   11/08/24 EL11-610-24 ELECTRICAL          TRAN SWIT,20KW GENERATOR   Com. Wall:
                                   12/23/04 MC-09-632-0 MECHANICAL          MC-09-632-04;MECHANICAL
                                   09/15/04 PL-09-633-04 PLUMBING                                        Size Adj: 0.9457
                                                                            PL-09-633-04;PLUMBING W/BP-06-409-04     SFH                Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   09/13/04 EL-09-606-04 ELECTRICAL         EL-09-606-04;ELECTRICAL W/BP-06-409-04 SFH                 Bldg. Rate:         1.2530
                                   06/28/04 BP-06-409-0 MISCELLANEOUS       BP-06-409-04;SFH;SFH C/O ISSUED 12-27-04                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 200.48
                                                                                                                 BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                          ID        Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                          UFF     UPPER FLR FIN             874     1.00    874
                                                                                                          FFF     FST FLR FIN              1214     1.00   1214
                                                                                                          BMU     BSMNT                     682     0.15    102
                                                                                                          BMG     BASEMENT                  514     0.20    103
                                                                                                          CTH     CATHEDRAL                 582     0.10      58
                                                                                                          ENT     ENTRY WAY                  24     0.10       2
                                                                                                          DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE             178     0.10      18
                                                                                                          PAT     PATIO                     333     0.05      17
                                                                                                          GLA:     2,088                  4,401           2,388




                                                                                                              2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                               Market Cost New:           $ 478,746
                                                                                                                      Year Built:              2004
                                                                                                              Condition For Age:  GOOD        10 %
                                                                                                                        Physical:
                                                                                                                     Functional:
                                                                                                                      Economic:
                                                                                                                     Temporary:
                                                                                                              Total Depreciation:             10 %

                                                                                                                 Building Value:                     $ 430,900
                                                                PAGE 257
Map: 000408         Lot: 000024        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1         54 WALLINGFORD TERRACE                    WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                              SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
WELLMAN, JOHN A LIVING TRUST                Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            03/27/2026 9939 1597   QI         680,000 LISEE, REWMI L & JOAN W
WELLMAN, LYNDA A.R. REVOC TRUST
                                            05/30/2014 8663 0814   U I 44             LISEE, REMI L & JOAN W
54 WALLINGFORD TERRACE                      07/26/2002 6675 525    U I 59     347,067 SMART, DAVID
                                            09/12/2001 6487 347    QV          62,500 NELSON, LEON W
WEARE, NH 03281                (ET AL.)
            LISTING HISTORY                                            NOTES
06/30/26 DMVM V-SALE                    GRAY;16 FT DORMER ON SIDE OF GAR; CROWN MOLDING IN LR, DR &
07/17/25 DMVM                           KITCHEN; BDMRS CARPETED;3/9; VU BSMT ONLY; 1/20; ALL INFO FROM
01/01/25  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION HO (MRS) DNVI; SMALL VU BETWEEN NEIGHBORS HSE & GAR DNPU; 2/24;
02/13/24 DMPR                           PU (22KW) GEN; 7/25; NOH; EXT=V.GD; WELL MAINT; 6/26 NOH, NC TO EXT,
01/15/20 DMVM                           PER PERMIT REMODELED KIT;
01/01/20  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
05/21/15 DMVM
03/25/09 DMPL

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                       MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                      1                    100 5,500.00 100          5,500                        WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
                                                                                      5,500

                                                                                                                        PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                 Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                 2024      $ 336,900     $ 3,000      $ 151,700
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 491,600
                                                                                                                 2025      $ 336,900     $ 3,000      $ 151,700
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 491,600
                                                                                                                 2026      $ 488,000     $ 5,500      $ 197,000
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 690,500


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                               LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                        Site: GOOD Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography            Cond Ad Valorem SPI R    Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 G   120   105    100 100 95 -- MILD             100     191,000  0 N       191,000
1F RES                      1.660 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  90 -- ROLLING          100       6,000  0 N          6,000
                            3.590 ac                                                                   197,000           197,000




                                                                          PAGE 258
Map: 000408   Lot: 000024   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1         54 WALLINGFORD TERRACE                          WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                         TAXABLE DISTRICTS                          BUILDING DETAILS
                                   WELLMAN, JOHN A LIVING TRUST              District       Percentage    Model: 1.75 STORY CAPE
                                   WELLMAN, LYNDA A.R. REVOC TRUST                                         Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   54 WALLINGFORD TERRACE                                                    Ext: CEDAR/REDWD
                                                                                                              Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                (ET AL.)                                 Floor: HARDWOOD/CARPET
                                      Account Number:   2,407                                               Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                                PERMITS                                Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 3.0         Fixtures: 10
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type           Notes                                Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   06/02/26 PL06-234-26 PLUMBING              PL FOR BATH KITCHEN RENO      A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators: 1
                                   04/15/26 PL04-127-26 PLUMBING              BATHROOM REDO              Quality: A2 AVG+20
                                   04/15/26 BP04-124-26 RENOVATIONS           2 BATH, KITCHN RENOS    Com. Wall:
                                   04/15/26 EL04-126-26 ELECTRICAL            200 AMP PNL, REWIRE
                                   05/17/23 EL05-234-23 ELECTRICAL            22KW GENERATOR            Size Adj: 0.8576               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   05/17/23 MP05-235-23 MECHANICAL            GAS PIPING                                              Bldg. Rate:         1.0791
                                   10/09/12 MC-10-497-1 MECHANICAL            MC-10-497-12;MECHANICAL INSTALL LPG FURNACE;MECHA    Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 172.66
                                                                                                                BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                           ID       Description          Area      Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                           TQF    3/4 STRY FIN             1320    0.75    990
                                                                                                           OPF    OPEN PORCH                216    0.25      54
                                                                                                           BMU    BSMNT                     468    0.15      70
                                                                                                           EPF    ENCLOSED                  192    0.70    134
                                                                                                           DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE              16    0.10       2
                                                                                                           CTH    CATHEDRAL                 256    0.10      26
                                                                                                           BMF    BSMNT FINISHED            724    0.30    217
                                                                                                           HSF    1/2 STRY FIN              192    0.50      96
                                                                                                           GAR    GARAGE                    606    0.45    273
                                                                                                           EPU    COVERED BSMNT              50    0.35      18
                                                                                                           FFF    FST FLR FIN              1192    1.00   1192
                                                                                                           GLA:    2,278                  5,232          3,072




                                                                                                               2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                                Market Cost New:            $ 530,412
                                                                                                                       Year Built:               2002
                                                                                                               Condition For Age: VERY GOOD       8%
                                                                                                                         Physical:
                                                                                                                      Functional:
                                                                                                                       Economic:
                                                                                                                      Temporary:
                                                                                                               Total Depreciation:                8%

                                                                                                                  Building Value:                   $ 488,000
                                                                PAGE 259
Map: 000408      Lot: 000052         Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1           25 MT DEARBORN ROAD                       WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                              SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
GODZYK, LISA M & GODZYK, MICHAEL Date                Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                          04/14/2026 9944   465    QI         342,000 PARTIN, GRANT A
GODZYK, MADDOX L
                                          12/13/2023 9746   2711   U I 25     250,000 KITTLE, LARRY
944 FISH POND ROAD                        05/02/2023 9697   1195   QI         265,000 SAVAGE, TIFFANY L
                                          03/29/2019 9155   2517   QI         189,933 SIERADZKI, KRYSTAL,
COLEBROOK, NH 03576                       10/31/2016 8912   2466   QI         165,000 CANNAMUCIO, SAMUEL H
            LISTING HISTORY                                              NOTES
06/30/26 DMVM V-SALE                      GRY; BMU ACCESS FROM BULKHEAD ONLY, DIRT FLR; PERGO& HW; 2/19
04/02/25 DMVM                             NOH; NEW BOILER IN '18; ABV AVG SIDING=VINYL SHAKES; 1/20; NOH;
01/01/25  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION      ROOF HAS OLDER DRIPEDGE, VINYL WINS, EXT VERY WELL MAINT,
01/31/20 ZBVM                             ROOF=GD; 4/25; BACK OF HSE IS VINYL; PU 10KW GEN & SLB; 6/26 NOH, NC
01/01/20  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION      TO EXT;
02/12/19 DMPR
05/28/15 DMVM
04/19/12 DMPM

                                       EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                     Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                    1                    100 5,500.00 100          5,500 INSERT                   WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                         192     12 x 16         143    17.00 100          4,668 ATT
LEAN-TO                           120     10 x 12         193     4.00 100            926 ATT
CONCRETE SLAB                     108      9 x 12         208     5.00 100          1,123 UNDER LNTO                    PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                     12,200                      Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                 2024      $ 120,800     $ 6,700       $ 88,200
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 215,700
                                                                                                                 2025      $ 123,300     $ 7,800       $ 88,200
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 219,300
                                                                                                                 2026      $ 194,200    $ 12,200      $ 137,500
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 343,900


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                  LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                          Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  0.290 ac    131,600 F  110   100  100      95 100 -- LEVEL             100     137,500     0 N    137,500
                          0.290 ac                                                                    137,500            137,500




                                                                          PAGE 260
Map: 000408   Lot: 000052   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1        25 MT DEARBORN ROAD                         WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                   TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   GODZYK, LISA M & GODZYK, MICH District              Percentage     Model: 1.00 STORY CONVENTION
                                   GODZYK, MADDOX L                                                    Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   944 FISH POND ROAD                                                    Ext: ABOVE AVG/VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                          Int: DRYWALL
                                   COLEBROOK, NH 03576                                                 Floor: LAMINATE/VINYL/HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number: 230                                               Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                             PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 2          Baths: 1.0         Fixtures: 3
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type    Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   01/24/25 MP01-39-25 MECHANICAL       PELLET STOVE LINER /INSERT      A/C: No                         Generators: 1
                                   12/19/24 MP12-691-24 MECHANICAL      1-120LPG TANKS               Quality: A0 AVG
                                   12/05/24 EL12-666-24 ELECTRICAL      ELEC 10KW GENERATOR       Com. Wall:
                                   12/13/18 MC-12-700-1 MECHANICAL      OIL FURNACE
                                   12/01/10 BP-12-729-1 MISCELLANEOUS                               Size Adj: 1.4738
                                                                        BP-12-729-10;SHED (WOOD) 12X16;SHED     (WOOD) 12X16 OBase Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   07/09/08 MC-07-362-0 MECHANICAL      MC-07-362-08;MECHANICAL REBUILD CHIMNEY                   Bldg. Rate:         1.4296
                                   12/04/03 SR-12-768-03 SEPTIC         SR-12-768-03;SEPTIC REVIEW                             Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 228.73
                                                                                                            BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                      ID       Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                      DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE              35     0.10       4
                                                                                                      FFF    FST FLR FIN               941     1.00    941
                                                                                                      CRL    CRAWL SPACE               787     0.05      39
                                                                                                      BMU    BSMNT                     154     0.15      23
                                                                                                      VLT    VAULTED                   280     0.05      14
                                                                                                      ENT    ENTRY WAY                  16     0.10       2
                                                                                                      GLA:    941                    2,213           1,023




                                                                                                          2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                           Market Cost New:            $ 233,991
                                                                                                                  Year Built:               1938
                                                                                                          Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     17 %
                                                                                                                    Physical:
                                                                                                                 Functional:
                                                                                                                  Economic:
                                                                                                                 Temporary:
                                                                                                          Total Depreciation:              17 %

                                                                                                             Building Value:                    $ 194,200
                                                             PAGE 261
Map: 000408         Lot: 000081        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1                 49 IRVING DRIVE                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
          OWNER INFORMATION                                               SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
HILL, DAVID                                 Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            07/31/2025 9876   142    QI         522,500 SIZEMORE FAMILY REVOC
HILL, LULA HASHI
                                            12/04/2023 9745   266    U I 38           1 SIZEMORE, RICHARD L
49 IRVING DRIVE                             01/26/2004 7156   2067   QI         235,000 ARP, JASON&SHERRY
                                            05/02/2000 6235   1482   U I 99     158,000 CHAUVETTE, DAN/CATHY
WEARE, NH 03281                             02/01/1992 5316   1032   QI          95,047 ARBOLEDA, E&I
            LISTING HISTORY                                                NOTES
07/07/25 DMVM                               BRN; NO FPL-HEARTH; BATH=1-3FIX&1-4-FIX; BACK OF HSE= VERT
01/01/25  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        BOARD; 6/11 PULL DOWN STAIRS IN GAR; 5/15 SOME EXT TRIM ROT; BMF
02/13/24 DMPR                               HAS PAINTED FLR; 1/20; ORIG KIT, FMICA, WD CABS, TILE FLR; VINYL
01/10/20 ZBVL                               WINDOWS; ROOF LOOKS NEWER; PU GEN; ADJ BD CNT-3 BD UP/1 DWN;
01/01/20  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        2/24; NOH; NEW BOILER & SIDING IN 2023; 7/25; NOH; NC TO EXT; WELL
05/26/15 DMVL                               MAINT;
06/19/11 DMCL
06/07/11 KCVM

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate Cond      Market Value Notes
                                                                                                                    WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE

                                                                                                                          PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                   Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2024      $ 223,100          $0      $ 116,900
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 340,000
                                                                                                                   2025      $ 223,200          $0      $ 116,900
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 340,100
                                                                                                                   2026      $ 336,900          $0      $ 167,100
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 504,000


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                             LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                   Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography            Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    100 100 95 -- MILD             100     166,800  0 N      166,800
1F RES                      0.070 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  90 -- ROLLING          100         300  0 N          300
                            2.000 ac                                                                     167,100           167,100




                                                                            PAGE 262
Map: 000408   Lot: 000081   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1                 49 IRVING DRIVE                          WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                         TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   HILL, DAVID                               District        Percentage    Model: 1.75 STORY CAPE
                                   HILL, LULA HASHI                                                          Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   49 IRVING DRIVE                                                             Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                               Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                           Floor: HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:   3,542                                                 Heat: GAS/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                                 Bedrooms: 4          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures: 7
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type           Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   07/14/23 MP07-338-23 MECHANICAL            BOILER REPLACE                  A/C: No                        Generators: 1
                                   07/14/23 MP07-338-23 MECHANICAL            BOILER INSTALL              Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                   05/25/00 BP-05-256-0 NEW BUILDING          BP-05-256-00;ADD 3 ROOMS TO BASEMENT;ADD
                                                                                                        Com. Wall:            3 ROOMS T
                                                                                                         Size Adj: 0.9556               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                       Bldg. Rate:         1.0507
                                                                                                                                    Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 168.12
                                                                                                                 BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                           ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                           GAR     GARAGE                   576     0.45    259
                                                                                                           FFF     FST FLR FIN             1096     1.00   1096
                                                                                                           SLB     SLAB                     144     0.00       0
                                                                                                           DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE            382     0.10      38
                                                                                                           BMU     BSMNT                    432     0.15      65
                                                                                                           BMF     BSMNT FINISHED           520     0.30    156
                                                                                                           ENT     ENTRY WAY                 16     0.10       2
                                                                                                           TQF     3/4 STRY FIN             952     0.75    714
                                                                                                           GLA:     1,810                 4,118           2,330




                                                                                                               2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                                Market Cost New:           $ 391,720
                                                                                                                       Year Built:              1985
                                                                                                               Condition For Age:  GOOD        14 %
                                                                                                                         Physical:
                                                                                                                      Functional:
                                                                                                                       Economic:
                                                                                                                      Temporary:
                                                                                                               Total Depreciation:             14 %

                                                                                                                   Building Value:                   $ 336,900
                                                                PAGE 263
Map: 000408         Lot: 000102        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1               216 IRVING DRIVE                    WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                            SALES HISTORY                                                 PICTURE
TAUTFEST, LISA MAUREEN                      Date       Book Page   Type       Price Grantor
                                            05/21/2025 9857 835    QI       530,000 ANTOGNONI, JOSEPH M
                                            09/01/2005 7537 2491   QI       271,933 MILLER, D&R
216 IRVING DRIVE                            09/23/1994 5580 571    QI        92,100 HIGH TECH

WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                              NOTES
07/08/25 DMVM                               TAN; BROOK ON LOT, LANDSCAPED; NEW LEACHFIELD IN 08; DNPU
01/01/25  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        TREEHOUSE; CORR'D FLRING; EXT=GD; 7/25; HO ON WAY OUT DNVI & NO
01/14/20 DMVM                               INFO; WELL MAINT; PU E-SHED & DEK (6X10); EXPOSED BEAMS UPPER
01/01/20  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        FLOOR;
05/27/15 DMVM
03/24/09 DMVM
09/15/05 DMRM
02/22/01  ICN

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                       MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                           196     14 x 14         142   17.00   80          3,785                       WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-EQUIPMENT                      126      9 x 14         187   11.00 100           2,592 ATT TO 14X14
                                                                                      6,400
                                                                                                                        PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                 Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                 2024      $ 190,600     $ 2,200      $ 116,900
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 309,700
                                                                                                                 2025      $ 190,900     $ 4,100      $ 116,900
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 311,900
                                                                                                                 2026      $ 316,000     $ 6,400      $ 175,400
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 497,800


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                               LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                        Site: GOOD Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography           Cond Ad Valorem SPI R     Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   105    100 100 95 -- MILD            100     175,100  0 N        175,100
1F RES                      0.070 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  90 -- ROLLING         100         300  0 N            300
                            2.000 ac                                                                   175,400           175,400




                                                                          PAGE 264
Map: 000408   Lot: 000102   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1                 216 IRVING DRIVE                         WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                         TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   TAUTFEST, LISA MAUREEN                    District        Percentage    Model: 1.75 STORY CAPE
                                                                                                             Roof: GABLE OR HIP/STANDING SEAM
                                   216 IRVING DRIVE                                                           Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                               Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                          Floor: CARPET/HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:   3,962                                                Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                                 Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures: 6
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type          Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   04/25/08 SE-04-161-08 SEPTIC                                              A/C: No REPLACE LE
                                                                              SE-04-161-08;REPLACE LEACH FIELD;SEPTIC                        Generators:
                                   04/16/08 SR-04-147-08 SEPTIC               SR-04-147-08;SEPTIC REVIEW Quality: A2 AVG+20
                                   12/01/99 BP-12-608-9 NEW BUILDING          BP-12-608-99;STORAGE SHED;STORAGE
                                                                                                        Com. Wall: SHED;STORAGE S
                                                                                                         Size Adj: 1.1377               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                       Bldg. Rate:         1.3647
                                                                                                                                    Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 218.35
                                                                                                                 BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                           ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                           DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE            412     0.10      41
                                                                                                           TQF     3/4 STRY FIN             816     0.75    612
                                                                                                           FFF     FST FLR FIN              816     1.00    816
                                                                                                           BMU     BSMNT                    480     0.15      72
                                                                                                           BMG     BASEMENT                 336     0.20      67
                                                                                                           GLA:     1,428                 2,860           1,608




                                                                                                               2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                                Market Cost New:            $ 351,107
                                                                                                                       Year Built:               1994
                                                                                                               Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     10 %
                                                                                                                         Physical:
                                                                                                                      Functional:
                                                                                                                       Economic:
                                                                                                                      Temporary:
                                                                                                               Total Depreciation:              10 %

                                                                                                                   Building Value:                   $ 316,000
                                                                PAGE 265
Map: 000408         Lot: 000113        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1                 10 IRVING DRIVE                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
QUISPE, FRANCIS & KATRINA FAM TRUS Date                Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            07/15/2025 9871   1760   QI         455,000 BELANGER, SEBASTIAN
QUISPE, FRANCIS J & KATRINA M TRUSTEES
                                            08/13/2020 9333   2354   QI         317,533 MANCINI, JEFFREY D &
10 IRVING DRIVE                             02/28/2018 9053   0945   QI         257,533 CHRISTIAN, JARED&
                                            11/29/2016 8922   2241   QI         232,533 ISABELLE, KEITH R
WEARE, NH 03281                             05/24/2016 8857   2914   U I 81           1 FULLER TAMBLYN L
            LISTING HISTORY                                                NOTES
07/07/25 DMVM                               WHT; NEW HW FLOORS, MKB WITH GRANITE, SS IN KITCHEN, HOME
01/01/25  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        UPDATED/REMODELED RECENTLY; FURN '16; SITE SM AROUND HSE;
10/07/20 DMVM VERIFY SALE                   STREAM THRU LOT; 10/20; NOH; VINYL WIND; EST NEW ROOF; PU FPL; A/C
01/10/20 ZBVM                               = MINISPLIT; DNPU STO CONT; 7/25; NOH; EXT=GD; 4-SALE;
01/01/20  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
03/29/17  JBPR
05/26/15 DMVM
04/19/12 DMPR

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                           100     10 x 10         220    17.00   35          1,309 COOP/ATT               WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
LEAN-TO                              64       8x8           310     4.00 100             794 ATT
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                      1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500
                                                                                       7,600                              PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                   Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2024      $ 191,700     $ 6,000      $ 131,100
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 328,800
                                                                                                                   2025      $ 191,700     $ 4,600      $ 131,100
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 327,400
                                                                                                                   2026      $ 312,200     $ 7,600      $ 178,100
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 497,900


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                             LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                   Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography            Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    100 100 100 -- LEVEL           100     175,600  0 N      175,600
1F RES                      0.670 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  95 -- MILD             100       2,500  0 N        2,500
                            2.600 ac                                                                     178,100           178,100




                                                                            PAGE 266
Map: 000408   Lot: 000113   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1                 10 IRVING DRIVE                         WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                         TAXABLE DISTRICTS                          BUILDING DETAILS
                                   QUISPE, FRANCIS & KATRINA FAM T District                 Percentage    Model: 1.75 STORY CAPE
                                   QUISPE, FRANCIS J & KATRINA M TRUSTEE                                    Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   10 IRVING DRIVE                                                            Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                              Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                          Floor: HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:   1,156                                                Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                                Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures: 6
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type          Notes                                Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   10/25/16 MC-10-634-1 MECHANICAL            REPLACE BOILER OIL             A/C: Yes 100.00 %              Generators:
                                   07/11/16 EL-07-324-16 ELECTRICAL           UPGRADE PANEL TO 200 AMP &Quality:
                                                                                                          WIRE 2ND     FLR
                                                                                                                   A2 AVG+20
                                   06/07/16 BP-06-257-1 REMODEL               2ND FLR (3) BEDRMS & BATHCom.
                                                                                                        REMOVE
                                                                                                            Wall: 1ST FLR BDRM
                                                                                                        Size Adj: 1.1234               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                      Bldg. Rate:         1.3608
                                                                                                                                   Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 217.72
                                                                                                                BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                           ID       Description          Area      Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                           ENT    ENTRY WAY                  16    0.10       2
                                                                                                           EPU    COVERED BSMNT              30    0.35      11
                                                                                                           TQF    3/4 STRY FIN              768    0.75    576
                                                                                                           FFF    FST FLR FIN               888    1.00    888
                                                                                                           BMU    BSMNT                     888    0.15    133
                                                                                                           DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE             376    0.10      38
                                                                                                           GLA:    1,464                  2,966          1,648




                                                                                                               2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                                Market Cost New:           $ 358,803
                                                                                                                       Year Built:              1993
                                                                                                               Condition For Age:  GOOD        13 %
                                                                                                                         Physical:
                                                                                                                      Functional:
                                                                                                                       Economic:
                                                                                                                      Temporary:
                                                                                                               Total Depreciation:             13 %

                                                                                                                  Building Value:                   $ 312,200
                                                                PAGE 267
Map: 000408         Lot: 000145        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1          25 BROWN RIDGE ROAD                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                              SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
CAMPBELL, HEATHER                           Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            07/21/2025 9872 2764   QI         617,000 CERULLO, DANIEL
BOND JR, RICHARD ALLEN
                                            07/05/2006 7701 1714   QI         289,933 LABONTE REV TRUST, SUS
25 BROWN RIDGE ROAD                         04/15/1999 6090 881    U I 38             LABONTE

WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                               NOTES
01/28/26 DMVR V-SALE                        TAN; PC FNDTN; NO FPL-WOOD STOVE ONLY; EST ATTIC OVER GAR IS FIN
07/02/25 DMVM                               DUE TO HEAT & VENT PIPE; PU 15X15 ADDTN; 6X7 DEK & EST 3RD BTH;
01/01/25  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        APT OVER GAR; 1/20; NOH; WELL MAINT; VINYL WINDOWS (NEWER);
01/14/20 DMVM                               EXT=V.GD; NO STOVES/OVENS IN ADUS BUT
01/01/20  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        CABS/SINKS/REFRIDGERATORS, PU POOL AND APRON, 2 ADUS, FIN BMT
06/03/15 DMVM                               WITH ADU AND SLOP SINK IN LAUDRY AREA; 7/25; NEW ROOF, PVD DWY;
02/10/09 DMVM                               PU POOL & PAT; INFO FROM LISTING, 4-SALE; 1/26; NOH; RMV UC;
05/08/06 DMVM

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                      MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate   Cond   Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                           144     12 x 12         171   17.00 100          4,186                        WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
DECK                                122     1 x 122         191    7.00 100          1,631 EST/SHAPE
SHED-WOOD                           120     10 x 12         193   17.00 150          5,906 HEATED/ATT TO DEK
POOL-INGRND-GUNITE                  680     34 x 20          84   75.00 100         42,840 KIDNEY/SHAPE/EST            PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
PATIO                               196     14 x 14         142    7.00 100          1,948
                                                                                                                Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                     56,500                     2024      $ 236,300     $ 6,300      $ 124,100
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 366,700
                                                                                                                2025      $ 271,400    $ 28,400      $ 130,300
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 430,100
                                                                                                                2026      $ 403,400    $ 56,500      $ 176,700
                                                                                                                                      Parcel Total: $ 636,600


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                              LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                       Site: GOOD Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography           Cond Ad Valorem SPI R    Tax Value Notes
3F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   105    100 100 95 -- MILD            100     175,100  0 N       175,100
3F RES                      0.410 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  95 -- MILD            100       1,600  0 N          1,600
                            2.340 ac                                                                  176,700           176,700




                                                                          PAGE 268
Map: 000408   Lot: 000145   Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1            25 BROWN RIDGE ROAD                   WEARE                  Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                              OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                     BUILDING DETAILS
                                   CAMPBELL, HEATHER                        District    Percentage      Model: 1.50 STORY CAPE
                                   BOND JR, RICHARD ALLEN                                                 Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   25 BROWN RIDGE ROAD                                                     Ext: CEDAR/REDWD
                                                                                                            Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                       Floor: HARDWOOD/PINE/SOFT WD
                                      Account Number:    1,947                                            Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                 PERMITS                             Bedrooms: 4          Baths: 4.0        Fixtures: 13
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type         Notes                               Extra Kitchens: 2        Fireplaces:
                                   02/02/26 SE02-53-26 SEPTIC                4 BD REPLACEMENT             A/C: Yes 100.00 %              Generators:
                                   06/23/06 SE-06-386-06 SEPTIC              REPLACE LEACHFIELD        Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                                                                                     Com. Wall:
                                                                                                      Size Adj: 0.8929              Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                   Bldg. Rate:         1.0891
                                                                                                                                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 174.25
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                     ID       Description           Area    Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                     PRS    PIER                       225 -0.05     -11
                                                                                                     DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE               48 0.10        5
                                                                                                     BMF    BSMNT FINISHED             936 0.30     281
                                                                                                     SLB    SLAB                       259 0.00        0
                                                                                                     GAR    GARAGE                     624 0.45     281
                                                                                                     HSF    1/2 STRY FIN              1560 0.50     780
                                                                                                     FFF    FST FLR FIN               1420 1.00    1420
                                                                                                     GLA:    2,200                   5,072        2,756




                                                                                                        2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                         Market Cost New:           $ 480,233
                                                                                                                Year Built:              1978
                                                                                                        Condition For Age:  GOOD        16 %
                                                                                                                  Physical:
                                                                                                               Functional:
                                                                                                                Economic:
                                                                                                               Temporary:
                                                                                                        Total Depreciation:             16 %

                                                                                                            Building Value:                     $ 403,400
                                                                 PAGE 269
Map: 000408        Lot: 000157        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1                8 MARTIN ROAD                          WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                           SALES HISTORY                                                    PICTURE
BBT REALTY, LLC                            Date       Book Page   Type       Price Grantor
                                           02/11/2026 9928 1814   QI       600,000 CURRIER, ROBERT C
                                           06/09/1996 5755 0006   QV        40,000
341 ORCHARD HILL ROAD


POMFRET CENTER, CT 06259
             LISTING HISTORY                                              NOTES
 06/30/26 DMVM V-SALE                      BRN; 12' HIGH SERVICE GAR WITH 2 10'OHD "BC AUTO REPAIR" 2 METAL
 07/03/25 DMVL                             FRAMED PORTABLE DNPU=4 SALE; GARAGE BURNED DOWN ON 3-1-12;
 01/01/25  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION      5/13 GAR IS 100% COMP, PU SHED-M; 11/19; 7/25; PU LIFTS; NO SIGN; 6/26
 06/29/21 CRHC                             NC, OWNER NOT AROUND, DNVI, EXT HAS BEEN PAINTED;
 01/01/20  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
 11/25/19 DMVL
 05/03/13 DMPR
 04/19/12 DMPL

                                        EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                           MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                      Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
PAVING                            3,500    1 x 3500         65     3.25   40          2,958 EST SHAPE                WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-METAL                          360     8 x 45         104     5.00   40            749 BOX TRL
CARPORT METAL                       240     20 x 12        127    10.00   30            914
CARPORT METAL                       378     18 x 21        102    10.00   50          1,928 SIDE                           PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
CARPORT METAL                       378     18 x 21        102    10.00   50          1,928 SIDE
                                                                                                                    Year       Building  Features    Land
CARPORT METAL                       378     18 x 21        102    10.00   50          1,928 SIDES
LIFTS-COMMERCIAL                      3                    100 4,000.00   90         10,800                         2024      $ 136,300     $ 7,400      $ 169,300
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 313,000
                                                                                     21,200
                                                                                                                    2025      $ 136,300    $ 13,400      $ 169,300
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 319,000
                                                                                                                    2026      $ 259,200    $ 21,200      $ 306,600
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 587,000


                                                LAND VALUATION                                                             LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: COMMERCIAL    Minimum Acreage: 2.00 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                   Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                  Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography            Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
COM/IND                    2.000 ac    160,000 E   100   100    100 100 100 -- LEVEL           150     240,000  0 N      240,000 USE
COM/IND                    5.020 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  95 -- MILD             150      28,600  0 N       28,600 USE
COM/IND                  400.000 ff      x 100 E   100                  95 -- MILD             100      38,000  0 N       38,000
                           7.020 ac                                                                     306,600             306,600




                                                                          PAGE 270
Map: 000408   Lot: 000157   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1               8 MARTIN ROAD                            WEARE                 Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                            BUILDING DETAILS
                                   BBT REALTY, LLC                        District        Percentage       Model: 1.00 STORY SERV GAR
                                                                                                            Roof: GABLE OR HIP/PREFAB METALS
                                   341 ORCHARD HILL ROAD                                                      Ext: PREFAB WD PNL
                                                                                                               Int: DRYWALL
                                   POMFRET CENTER, CT 06259                                                 Floor: CONCRETE
                                      Account Number: 3,676                                                  Heat: OIL/FA NO DUCTS
                                                              PERMITS                                  Bedrooms:             Baths: AVERAGE
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type       Notes                                    Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   05/30/12 MC-05-248-1 MECHANICAL         MC-05-248-12;INSTALL WASTE OILA/C:       No
                                                                                                              FURNACE      ;INSTALL W        Generators:
                                   05/30/12 SG-05-247A- SIGN               SG-05-247A-12;SIGN 4X 8 " BC AUTO    REPAIR";SIGN
                                                                                                          Quality:  A1 AVG+10 4X
                                   04/19/12 PL-04-173-12 PLUMBING          PL-04-173-12;PLUMBING W/BP-03-110-12      AUTOMOTIVE
                                                                                                       Com. Wall: WOOD,      12 FT. GA                     1.0000
                                   04/12/12 EL-04-160-12 ELECTRICAL        EL-04-160-12;ELECTRICAL W/BP-03-110-12 REBUILDI AU
                                   03/20/12 BP-03-110-1 MISCELLANEOUS                                    Size Adj:   1.0138
                                                                           BP-03-110-12;REBUILD AUTO GARAGE COMMERCIAL 40 X 7           Base Rate:   CGS    88.00
                                   03/02/12 DM-03-86-12 DEMOLITION         DM-03-86-12;DEMOLITION OF GARAGE BURNED ON 3-1-             Bldg. Rate:         1.0037
                                   10/14/02 EL-10-614-02 ELECTRICAL        EL-10-614-02;ELECTRICAL PERMIT BP=N/A                    Sq. Foot Cost:        $ 88.32
                                                                                                                 BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                         ID     Description             Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                         FFF  FST FLR FIN                 2644     1.00   2644
                                                                                                         SLB  SLAB                        2800     0.00       0
                                                                                                         COF COM OFFICE                    312     1.75    546
                                                                                                         GLA: 2,956                      5,756           3,190




                                                                                                              2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                               Market Cost New:           $ 281,741
                                                                                                                      Year Built:              2012
                                                                                                              Condition For Age:  GOOD          8%
                                                                                                                        Physical:
                                                                                                                     Functional:
                                                                                                                      Economic:
                                                                                                                     Temporary:
                                                                                                              Total Depreciation:               8%

                                                                                                                 Building Value:                     $ 259,200
                                                              PAGE 271
Map: 000408        Lot: 000163           Sub: 000000          Card: 1 of 3         856 SOUTH STARK HIGHWAY                    WEARE              Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                               SALES HISTORY                                                   PICTURE
ZINGALES, CHAD A REVOC TRUST                    Date       Book Page Type        Price Grantor
                                                04/30/2025 9851 2135 Q I       630,000 ILSLEY, ALLEN TRUST
ZINGALES, CHAD A TRUSTEE
                                                07/25/2024 PRO BATE U V 81           1 ILSLEY, ALLEN
15 MAIN STREET                                  07/10/2020 PRO BATE U I 38           1 ILSLEY, HARRIS

HOLLIS, NH 03049
             LISTING HISTORY                                                    NOTES
01/28/26 DMVE V-SALE                           NAT; PC FNDTN; NEEDS A LOT OF WORK; INT POOR; ALL INFO OUTSIDE BY
09/09/25 DMVE                                  HO; HARD TO MEAS DUE TO OVER GROWTH; 6/15 PU SHED; EXT
01/01/25   INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION          ROT=FUNC; DNPU 4X5=NV; CHANGED HEATING SYS=MON HEAT; 4/17
02/04/20 ZBVM                                  SPOKE W/HO AT DOOR; PU SHED; 2/20; NOH; MOST EST=GROWTH &
01/01/20   INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION          DEBRIS, V/PR COND, TREES & BUSHES GROWING AGAINST HSE IN FRNT &
04/05/17  JBPM                                 SIDES; ROOF IS GD; 9/25; NOH; "POSTED"=EST; PART OF LAND HAS BEEN
06/04/15 DMVM                                  CLEARED; 1/26; "POSTED"; RMV XFOBS;
06/19/08 DMVM

                                             EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                           Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                          1                    100 5,500.00 100          5,500                         WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
                                                                                          5,500

                                                                                                                             PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                      Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                      2024       $ 121,400    $ 12,800      $ 127,020
                                                                                                                                              Parcel Total: $ 261,220
                                                                                                                      2025       $ 121,400    $ 12,800      $ 126,927
                                                                                                                                              Parcel Total: $ 261,127
                                                                                                                      2026       $ 120,000     $ 5,500      $ 161,239 (c)
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 443,439
                                                                                                                                      (Card Total: $ 286,739)
                                                LAND VALUATION                                                                    LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: COMMERCIAL    Minimum Acreage: 2.00 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                               Site: FAIR Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                  Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography                 Cond Ad Valorem SPI R     Tax Value Notes
3F RES                     2.000 ac    160,000 E   100    95    100 100 95 -- MILD                  100     144,400   0 N      144,400 SITES
3F RES                     3.370 ac     x 4,000 X   85                  90 -- ROLLING               100      10,300   0 N       10,300
UNMNGD PINE               25.020 ac     x 4,000 X   85                  90 -- ROLLING               100      76,600 100 N         4,979
UNMNGD HARDWD             15.000 ac     x 4,000 X   85                  90 -- ROLLING               100      45,900 100 N         1,560
UNMNGD PINE              800.000 ff      x 100 X    85                  95 -- MILD                  100      64,600   0 N             0
                           45.390 ac                                                                       341,800            161,239




                                                                              PAGE 272
Map: 000408   Lot: 000163   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 3        856 SOUTH STARK HIGHWAY                        WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                          BUILDING DETAILS
                                   ZINGALES, CHAD A REVOC TRUST            District       Percentage    Model: 1.75 STORY CAPE
                                   ZINGALES, CHAD A TRUSTEE                                              Roof: GABLE OR HIP/PREFAB METALS
                                   15 MAIN STREET                                                          Ext: CLAP BOARD
                                                                                                            Int: WALL BOARD
                                   HOLLIS, NH 03049                                                      Floor: HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:   1,771                                             Heat: GAS/FA NO DUCTS
                                                                PERMITS                              Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 1.0         Fixtures: 3
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type         Notes                                Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   01/09/26 EL01-24-26 ELECTRICAL           600 AMP SVC                   A/C: No                         Generators:
                                   12/29/25 DM12-657-2 DEMOLITION           BARN,SHED.COOP,GAR,SAPHOUSEQuality: A1 AVG+10
                                   05/27/25 EL05-228-25 ELECTRICAL          PERMIT CANCELLED- CONTRACTOR
                                                                                                    Com. Wall:
                                   08/22/16 BP-08-435-1 SHED                SHED
                                   02/07/97 EL-02-01-97 ELECTRICAL                                    Size Adj: 1.2226
                                                                            EL-02-01-97;UPGRADE ELECTRIC                             Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                    Bldg. Rate:         1.1862
                                                                                                                                 Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 189.79
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                         ID       Description          Area      Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                         TQF    3/4 STRY FIN              720    0.75    540
                                                                                                         FFF    FST FLR FIN               720    1.00    720
                                                                                                         BMU    BSMNT                     720    0.15    108
                                                                                                         EPU    COVERED BSMNT              35    0.35      12
                                                                                                         OPF    OPEN PORCH                 98    0.25      25
                                                                                                         GLA:    1,260                  2,293          1,405




                                                                                                             2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                              Market Cost New:            $ 266,655
                                                                                                                     Year Built:               1938
                                                                                                             Condition For Age: VERY POOR     55 %
                                                                                                                       Physical:
                                                                                                                    Functional:
                                                                                                                     Economic:
                                                                                                                    Temporary:
                                                                                                             Total Depreciation:              55 %

                                                                                                                Building Value:                   $ 120,000
                                                                PAGE 273
Map: 000408        Lot: 000163          Sub: 000000        Card: 2 of 3         SOUTH STARK HIGHWAY                        WEARE             Printed:    08/11/2026
          OWNER INFORMATION                                            SALES HISTORY                                                 PICTURE
ZINGALES, CHAD A REVOC TRUST                  Date      Book Page   Type       Price Grantor
ZINGALES, CHAD A TRUSTEE
15 MAIN STREET


HOLLIS, NH 03049
             LISTING HISTORY                                                NOTES
01/28/26 DMVR V-SALE                         WHT; STN FNDTN; 2 12X16 SHEDS DNPU FALLING DOWN N/V; 7 SHEDS ALL
09/09/25 DMVE                                FALLING DOWN, DNPU; ALL INFO OUTSIDE BY HO; HARD TO MEAS DUE
01/01/25   INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        TO OVERGROWTH; 6/15 NOH; UNSAFE TO MEAS, ROOF CAVED IN; EXT
02/04/20 ZBVM                                ROT=FUNC; 4/17 NC; 2/20; MOST EST=GROWTH/UNSAFE; UPDTD PIC=LG
01/01/20   INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        HOLE IN HSE ROOF, BARN CAVED IN; 12X25 IS MOSTLY COLLAPSED; 9/25;
04/05/17   JBPR                              "POSTED"; 1/26; RMV SEVERAL XFOBS;
06/04/15 DMVE
06/19/08 DMVM

                                          EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                        Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate Cond    Market Value Notes
                                                                                                                    WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE

                                                                                                                          PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                   Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2026       $ 93,500          $0            $ 0 (c)
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 443,439




                                                                                                                               (Card Total: $ 93,500)
                                                   LAND VALUATION                                                          LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone:   Minimum Acreage:   Minimum Frontage:                                                         Site:           Driveway:                 Road:                .


Land Type 3F RES                   Neighborhood:                                               Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes

                                 0 ac




                                                                           PAGE 274
Map: 000408   Lot: 000163   Sub: 000000       Card: 2 of 3            SOUTH STARK HIGHWAY                   WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                             OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                      BUILDING DETAILS
                                   ZINGALES, CHAD A REVOC TRUST            District    Percentage      Model: 1.75 STORY CONVENTION
                                   ZINGALES, CHAD A TRUSTEE                                              Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   15 MAIN STREET                                                         Ext: CLAP BOARD
                                                                                                           Int: PLASTERED
                                   HOLLIS, NH 03049                                                     Floor: HARDWOOD/CARPET
                                      Account Number:   1,771                                            Heat: WOOD/COAL/FA DUCTED
                                                                PERMITS                             Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 1.0         Fixtures: 3
                                    Date   Permit ID    Permit Type         Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                                                                                         A/C: No                         Generators:
                                                                                                      Quality: A2 AVG+20
                                                                                                    Com. Wall:
                                                                                                     Size Adj: 1.1043               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                   Bldg. Rate:         1.1818
                                                                                                                                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 189.08
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                    ID       Description           Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                    ATF    ATTIC FINISHED             300     0.25      75
                                                                                                    FFF    FST FLR FIN                960     1.00    960
                                                                                                    BMU    BSMNT                      960     0.15    144
                                                                                                    OPF    OPEN PORCH                 124     0.25      31
                                                                                                    TQF    3/4 STRY FIN               660     0.75    495
                                                                                                    GLA:    1,530                   3,004           1,705




                                                                                                       2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                        Market Cost New:            $ 322,381
                                                                                                               Year Built:               1880
                                                                                                       Condition For Age: VERY POOR     71 %
                                                                                                                 Physical:
                                                                                                              Functional:
                                                                                                               Economic:
                                                                                                              Temporary:
                                                                                                       Total Depreciation:              71 %

                                                                                                           Building Value:                       $ 93,500
                                                                PAGE 275
Map: 000408        Lot: 000163          Sub: 000000        Card: 3 of 3          SOUTH STARK HIGHWAY                        WEARE             Printed:    08/11/2026
          OWNER INFORMATION                                            SALES HISTORY                                                  PICTURE
ZINGALES, CHAD A REVOC TRUST                  Date      Book Page   Type       Price Grantor
ZINGALES, CHAD A TRUSTEE
15 MAIN STREET


HOLLIS, NH 03049
             LISTING HISTORY                                               NOTES
01/28/26 DMVR V-SALE                         WHT; PC SLAB; INT FAIR; BLDG USED TO SELL EGGS & HONEY; 1999
09/09/25 DMVE                                CHICKEN COOPS COLLAPSED-NO VALUE/SHED WD 1440 SF COLLAPSED
01/01/25   INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        NV; ALL INFO BY HO OUTSIDE; HARD TO MEAS DUE TO OVERGROWTH;
02/04/20 ZBVM                                6/15 NOH; NO PLUMB & EXT ROT=FUNC; 4/17 NC; 2/20; MOST
01/01/20   INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        EST=GROWTH/DEBRIS; EST NC & MORE WEAR/TEAR & COLLAPSE; NO
04/05/17   JBPR                              MAINT DONE; 1/26; "POSTED";
06/04/15 DMVM
06/19/08 DMVM

                                          EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                        Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
SHED-EQUIPMENT                       576     24 x 24          88   11.00    5           279                          WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
                                                                                        300

                                                                                                                           PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                    Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                    2026       $ 62,900       $ 300            $ 0 (c)
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 443,439




                                                                                                                                (Card Total: $ 63,200)
                                                   LAND VALUATION                                                           LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone:   Minimum Acreage:   Minimum Frontage:                                                          Site:           Driveway:                 Road:                .


Land Type 3F RES                   Neighborhood:                                                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes

                                 0 ac




                                                                           PAGE 276
Map: 000408   Lot: 000163   Sub: 000000       Card: 3 of 3            SOUTH STARK HIGHWAY                   WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                             OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                      BUILDING DETAILS
                                   ZINGALES, CHAD A REVOC TRUST            District    Percentage      Model: 1.00 STORY CONVENTION
                                   ZINGALES, CHAD A TRUSTEE                                              Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   15 MAIN STREET                                                         Ext: ASBEST SHNGL
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   HOLLIS, NH 03049                                                     Floor: CONCRETE
                                      Account Number:   1,771                                            Heat: WOOD/COAL/CONVECTION
                                                                PERMITS                             Bedrooms:            Baths:             Fixtures:
                                    Date   Permit ID    Permit Type         Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                                                                                         A/C: No                         Generators:
                                                                                                      Quality: A0 AVG
                                                                                                    Com. Wall:
                                                                                                     Size Adj: 1.1500               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                   Bldg. Rate:         0.8050
                                                                                                                                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 128.80
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                    ID       Description           Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                    FFF    FST FLR FIN               1258     1.00   1258
                                                                                                    CRL    CRAWL SPACE               1258     0.05      63
                                                                                                    DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE               64     0.10       6
                                                                                                    GAR    GARAGE                     260     0.45    117
                                                                                                    EPF    ENCLOSED                   182     0.70    127
                                                                                                    OPF    OPEN PORCH                  16     0.25       4
                                                                                                    GLA:    1,258                   3,038           1,575




                                                                                                       2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                        Market Cost New:            $ 202,860
                                                                                                               Year Built:               1940
                                                                                                       Condition For Age: VERY POOR     54 %
                                                                                                                 Physical:
                                                                                                              Functional:  CNOTES       15 %
                                                                                                               Economic:
                                                                                                              Temporary:
                                                                                                       Total Depreciation:              69 %

                                                                                                           Building Value:                       $ 62,900
                                                                PAGE 277
Map: 000409          Lot: 000044        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1            96 BART CLOUGH ROAD                      WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                 SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
GAMBLE, JAEDE L                              Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                             03/02/2026 9932   2277   QI         590,000 GAMBLE, JAEDE L
GAMBLE JR, KEITH D
                                             08/21/2025 9881   2582   U I 13     350,000 HARGREAVES, JEFFREY A
96 BART CLOUGH ROAD                          02/08/2013 8526   0199   U I 81     170,000 BUSCH, LOUIS MARTIN 20
                                             01/13/2000 6200   865    U I 99             HILL, SAMUEL A.
WEARE, NH 03281                              10/01/1993 5481   672    QI               1 UNKNOWN
            LISTING HISTORY                                                 NOTES
01/14/26 DMPM                                GRN; 10/13 HRDWD FLRS; KIT & LVG RM; VINYL REPLACEMENT WINS;
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION         C/BLK FNDTN; HSE BOUGHT & BEING FLIPPED; AS OF 4/1/26 WILL BE 100%
10/16/25 BHVL V-SALE                         FIN; 1/26; NOH; EXT HAS BEEN PAINTED; UPGRADED ELEC TO 200AMP;
01/20/20 DMVX                                NEW FURNS; PU E-SHED; EXT=V.GD;WHOLE HSE RENOV;
01/01/20  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
04/23/14 DMPR
10/31/13 NFCL
05/03/13 DMPM

                                          EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                        Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond    Market Value Notes
GARAGE-1.5 STY                       672     24 x 28          84   57.00   90          28,958                         WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
PATIO                                144     12 x 12         171    7.00   80           1,379
SHED-EQUIPMENT                       160     16 x 10         160   11.00   30             845
                                                                                        31,200                             PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                    Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                    2024      $ 209,300    $ 14,800      $ 137,600
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 361,700
                                                                                                                    2025      $ 209,300    $ 14,800      $ 137,600
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 361,700
                                                                                                                    2026      $ 353,700    $ 31,200      $ 197,000
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 581,900


                                                  LAND VALUATION                                                               LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL     Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type                    Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography             Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                       1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    100 95 100 -- LEVEL             100     166,800     0 N    166,800
1F RES                       7.947 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  95 -- MILD              100      30,200     0 N     30,200
                             9.877 ac                                                                    197,000            197,000




                                                                             PAGE 278
Map: 000409   Lot: 000044   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1           96 BART CLOUGH ROAD                          WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   GAMBLE, JAEDE L                         District        Percentage     Model: 2.00 STORY COLONIAL
                                   GAMBLE JR, KEITH D                                                      Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   96 BART CLOUGH ROAD                                                       Ext: MASONITE
                                                                                                              Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                         Floor: HARDWOOD/LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number:   2,810                                               Heat: GAS/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                                Bedrooms: 4          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures: 6
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type         Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   05/12/26 BP05-188-26 DECK                27X16 DECK                      A/C: No                         Generators:
                                   09/18/25 EL09-473-25 ELECTRICAL          200 AMP PNL, REWIRE HOME Quality: A2 AVG+20
                                   09/11/25 MP09-455-25 MECHANICAL          BOILER, GAS PIPE          Com. Wall:
                                   09/11/25 PL09-454-25 PLUMBING            PL 2 BTH,WASHER,DISH
                                   08/22/25 BP08-412-25 RENOVATIONS                                     Size Adj: 0.9275
                                                                             BTH, KIT, WINDW,SIDING, FLOORS                            Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   02/04/14 MC-02-31-14 MECHANICAL          LPG 40 GAL PWR VENT                                       Bldg. Rate:         1.0035
                                   02/28/13 MC-02-47-13 MECHANICAL          INSTALL LPG FORCED HOT AIR SYS                         Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 160.56
                                                                                                                BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                          ID       Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                          UFF    UPPER FLR FIN            1020     1.00   1020
                                                                                                          FFF    FST FLR FIN              1260     1.00   1260
                                                                                                          BMU    BSMNT                    1020     0.15    153
                                                                                                          DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE             100     0.10      10
                                                                                                          RBU    RAISED BSMNT              240     0.25      60
                                                                                                          GLA:    2,280                  3,640           2,503




                                                                                                              2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                               Market Cost New:            $ 401,882
                                                                                                                      Year Built:               1976
                                                                                                              Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     12 %
                                                                                                                        Physical:
                                                                                                                     Functional:
                                                                                                                      Economic:
                                                                                                                     Temporary:
                                                                                                              Total Depreciation:              12 %

                                                                                                                 Building Value:                    $ 353,700
                                                                PAGE 279
Map: 000409         Lot: 000059        Sub: 000004        Card: 1 of 1                 849 RIVER ROAD                     WEARE              Printed:   08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
GERASIN, DAVID M REVOC TRUST                Date       Book   Page   Type          Price Grantor
                                            04/02/2026 9941   1327   QI        1,921,733 COUTURE, STEVE M REVOC
GERASIN, DAVID M TRUSTEE
                                            05/23/2014 8661   2236   U I 44              COUTURE, STEVE M
5 JEFFERSON LANE                            03/22/2006 7646   1523   QV          109,000 153 CONCORD STAGE

KITTERY, ME 03904
            LISTING HISTORY                                                 NOTES
01/14/26 DMPE                               GRN; 4/06 SUBDIV PLAN#34534; 8/13 P&B; 2-KITS GRANITE CTOPS W/STAND
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        CAB; 4/17 GATED DW; COND TO GAR=QUAL; HEAT, FIN OFF SPACE,
10/14/25  BHVE                              PLUMB, ETC BARN; 1/21; EST POOL DUE TO GATED DW; 10/25 4-SALE AP
02/03/21 DMPE                               $2.1M; INFO EST, GATED & LOCKED AT DW ENTRANCE; BMF & QUALITY
01/28/20 DMVE                               FROM MLS; PU ADU/EXTRA KITCH; BLT INS THRUOUT; 1/26; EST NC;
01/01/20  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        ADDED REAR OPF PER MLS /EST ONCE ACC GAINED SKETCH GAR ON
02/20/19 DMPM                               CARD 2
04/23/18 DMPM

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond    Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-CUST                       1                    100 7,500.00 100           7,500                        WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
BARN-1STRY                           840    42 x 20          79    27.00 100          17,917
PATIO                                273    13 x 21         119     7.00 150           3,411 EST/SHAPE
DECK                                 100     20 x 5         220     7.00 100           1,540 ATT TO GAR                  PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
GARAGE-1.75 STY/BSMT               1,320    44 x 30          72    66.00 500        313,632 HEAT/AC/BTH
                                                                                                                  Year       Building  Features    Land
BARN-2STRY/LOFT                      252    18 x 14         123    38.00 125          14,723 ATT TO AR/SILOST
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                      1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500 GAS                  2024      $ 519,700    $ 142,800       $ 98,362
POOL-INGRND-GUNITE                   820    820 x 1          80    75.00 150          73,800 EST/APRON                                    Parcel Total: $ 760,862
                                                                                    438,000                       2025       $ 716,100   $ 236,800      $ 126,870
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 1,079,770
                                                                                                                  2026     $ 1,229,500   $ 438,000      $ 202,645
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 1,870,145


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                               LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                   Site: EXCELLENT Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography            Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   125    100 100 95 -- MILD              95     198,100   0 N       198,100 SD/ACC
MNGD HARDWD                10.410 ac     x 4,000 X   95                  90 -- ROLLING          100      35,600 100 N           645
1F RES                      1.070 ac     x 4,000 X   95                  95 -- MILD             100       3,900   0 N         3,900
                           13.410 ac                                                                    237,600           202,645




                                                                            PAGE 280
Map: 000409   Lot: 000059   Sub: 000004       Card: 1 of 1                849 RIVER ROAD                           WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                             OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                            BUILDING DETAILS
                                   GERASIN, DAVID M REVOC TRUST            District        Percentage       Model: 1.50 STORY CAPE
                                   GERASIN, DAVID M TRUSTEE                                                  Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   5 JEFFERSON LANE                                                            Ext: CEMENT CLAPBOARDS/CEDAR/RED
                                                                                                                Int: DRYWALL/WOOD/LOGS
                                   KITTERY, ME 03904                                                         Floor: HARDWOOD
                                       Account Number:                                                        Heat: ELECTRIC/HEAT PUMP
                                                              PERMITS                                    Bedrooms: 4          Baths: 4.5        Fixtures: 15
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type         Notes                                    Extra Kitchens: 1        Fireplaces:
                                   06/24/20 SW-06-175-2 SWIMMING POOL       POOL IN-GND16X40 GUNITE           A/C: Yes 100.00 %              Generators: 1
                                   09/03/19 MC-09-544-1 MECHANICAL          GEO THERMAL UNITS              Quality: A8 EXC+60
                                   08/21/19 MC-08-523-1 MECHANICAL          BOILER, FIREPLACE & RANGE   Com. Wall:
                                   10/08/18 BP-10-548-1 MECHANICAL          REPLACE LPG TANK TO 1,000 GAL
                                   08/27/18 BP-08-441-1 ADDITION                                          Size Adj: 0.7459
                                                                            ADDITION 1,344 SQ. FT. 1.5 STRY                             Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   07/10/17 MC-07-349-1 MECHANICAL          AC, (3) FURNACES LPG & RENAIGN WATER HEATER                Bldg. Rate:         1.7132
                                   07/07/17 BP-07-339-1 BUILDING PERMIT     OFFICE SPACE ABOVE GARAGE 1200 SQ FT                    Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 274.11
                                                                                                                  BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                          ID        Description          Area    Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                          OPF     OPEN PORCH               1253 0.25     313
                                                                                                          CTH     CATHEDRAL                 602 0.10       60
                                                                                                          FFF     FST FLR FIN              2752 1.00    2752
                                                                                                          BMF     BSMNT FINISHED           1408 0.30     422
                                                                                                          PRS     PIER                       30 -0.05      -2
                                                                                                          TQF     3/4 STRY FIN              528 0.75     396
                                                                                                          HSF     1/2 STRY FIN             1280 0.50     640
                                                                                                          BMG     BASEMENT                  902 0.20     180
                                                                                                          BMU     BSMNT                     412 0.15       62
                                                                                                          GLA:     3,788                  9,167        4,823




                                                                                                              2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                               Market Cost New:            $ 1,322,033
                                                                                                                      Year Built:                2007
                                                                                                              Condition For Age: VERY GOOD        7%
                                                                                                                        Physical:
                                                                                                                     Functional:
                                                                                                                      Economic:
                                                                                                                     Temporary:
                                                                                                              Total Depreciation:                 7%

                                                                                                                 Building Value:                    $ 1,229,500
                                                              PAGE 281
Map: 000409         Lot: 000067        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1            28 BIRCHWOOD DRIVE                       WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
WHITESIDE, ISAIAH                           Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            09/10/2025 9887   1379   QI         512,500 HEBERT, MICHAEL
WHITESIDE, ALYSSA
                                            06/13/2019 9177   1767   QI         220,000 BURNETT, JENNY-LYNN
28 BIRCHWOOD DRIVE                          04/01/2019 9156   1816   U I 38             BURNETT, JENNY-LYNN
                                            04/24/2008 7974   683    QI         225,000 MCFARLAND, S & R
WEARE, NH 03281                             02/16/2005 7409   2700   QI         240,000 PERCY, R&M
            LISTING HISTORY                                                NOTES
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        RED; CRACKS IN FOUNDATION+FLRS; LLA 7/11/96 = 0.02 AC SWAP; 1/20;
12/16/25 RWVM V-SALE                        NOH; DNPU STO CONT=NV; EXT=GD; (6) NEW VINYL WINDOWS
10/14/25 BHVM                               INSTALLED; 3/23; PU SHED, POOL & PATIO; NEW SIDING; ABV AVG=VINYL
03/16/23 DMPM                               SHAKES; NEW ROOF; 10/25 ADD SOLAR FR 2022 BP; 12/25; INFO @ DOOR;
01/30/20 DMVM                               EXT COND=GD; FPL RMVD PER HO, RMVD PRIOR TO PURCHASE; BB
01/01/20  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        CTOPS/SS APPL/SHAKER WD CABS;
07/19/13 DMVM
01/09/13  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond    Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                           100     10 x 10         220   17.00 100            3,740                        WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
POOL-ABOVE GROUND                   252     18 x 14         123   11.00 100            3,410 ROUND
PATIO                               720     720 x 1          82    7.00   50           2,066 EST/SHAPE
SOLAR ELECT PANEL                    27                     100  400.00 100           10,800 2025                         PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                       20,000                      Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2024      $ 182,600    $ 11,300      $ 117,000
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 310,900
                                                                                                                   2025      $ 182,600    $ 11,300      $ 117,000
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 310,900
                                                                                                                   2026      $ 312,800    $ 20,000      $ 158,500
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 491,300


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                              LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                    Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography             Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    100 100 90 -- ROLLING           100     158,000  0 N      158,000
1F RES                      0.270 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  90 -- ROLLING            50         500  0 N          500
                            2.200 ac                                                                     158,500           158,500




                                                                            PAGE 282
Map: 000409   Lot: 000067   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1            28 BIRCHWOOD DRIVE                          WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   WHITESIDE, ISAIAH                       District        Percentage     Model: 2.00 STORY GAMBREL
                                   WHITESIDE, ALYSSA                                                       Roof: GAMBREL/ASPHALT
                                   28 BIRCHWOOD DRIVE                                                        Ext: VINYL SIDING/ABOVE AVG
                                                                                                              Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                         Floor: PINE/SOFT WD/CARPET
                                      Account Number:   3,766                                               Heat: GAS/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 3           Baths: 1.5         Fixtures: 5
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type         Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   06/17/22 BP06-245-22 BUILDING PERMIT     10X10 SHED,700SQ.FT PATIO, POOL,A/C:
                                                                                                               HOT NoTUB                    Generators:
                                   06/01/22 EL06-232-22 ELECTRICAL          POOL & HOT TUB ELEC          Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                   04/11/22 EL04-128-22 SOLAR ARRAY         26 PNLS 325W@8.45KW      Com. Wall:
                                   04/07/22 BP04-129-22 SOLAR ARRAY         ROOF MT 26PNL@325W 8.45KW
                                   09/30/98 BP-09-208-9 SHED                SHED 8X10                   Size Adj: 1.0157               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                      Bldg. Rate:         1.0949
                                                                                                                                   Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 175.19
                                                                                                                BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                          ID       Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                          PAT    PATIO                     291     0.05      15
                                                                                                          UFF    UPPER FLR FIN             936     1.00    936
                                                                                                          FFF    FST FLR FIN               936     1.00    936
                                                                                                          BMU    BSMNT                     936     0.15    140
                                                                                                          ENT    ENTRY WAY                  16     0.10       2
                                                                                                          GLA:    1,872                  3,115           2,029




                                                                                                              2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                               Market Cost New:            $ 355,461
                                                                                                                      Year Built:               1987
                                                                                                              Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     11 %
                                                                                                                        Physical:
                                                                                                                     Functional:    WH           1%
                                                                                                                      Economic:
                                                                                                                     Temporary:
                                                                                                              Total Depreciation:              12 %

                                                                                                                 Building Value:                    $ 312,800
                                                                PAGE 283
Map: 000409         Lot: 000083        Sub: 000000         Card: 1 of 1                924 RIVER ROAD                      WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                              SALES HISTORY                                                 PICTURE
WADE, JONATHAN                              Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            10/17/2025 9898 1486   QI         567,000 MARTIN, FAMILY REVOC
                                            01/08/2015 8720 1849   U I 44             MARTIN, MICHAEL J &
924 RIVER ROAD                              12/01/1991 5300 222    QI         112,000

WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                 NOTES
02/10/26 DMVM V-SALE                        BEIGE; OPF=PAINTED OPEN STUD; OPF IS SCREENED; 4 LIGHT POSTS UP
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        DW; 1/20; ALL INFO FROM HO MRS DNVI; EST VLT; WELL MAINT; CORR'D
10/02/25 BHVM                               BDRM CNT; EXT=GD; 10/25 4-SALE UNDER CONTRACT FOR $567K; 10/25
01/29/20 DMVM                               EXT GD; ATU PER MLS PICS; 2/26; NOH; EST NEW ROOF; PU MINI SPLIT EST
01/01/20  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        %;
08/16/13 DMVM
01/09/13  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
01/30/09 ERVM

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj  Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                      1                    100  5,500.00 100           5,500                       WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                            80      10 x 8         260     17.00   60          2,122
POOL-ABOVE GROUND                   300     20 x 15         113     11.00   60          2,237 ROUND
BB COURT                               1                    100 22,000.00   50         11,000                             PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                       20,900                      Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2024      $ 242,100     $ 7,200      $ 123,500
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 372,800
                                                                                                                   2025      $ 242,100     $ 7,200      $ 123,500
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 372,800
                                                                                                                   2026      $ 363,600    $ 20,900      $ 175,400
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 559,900


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                                 LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                          Site: GOOD Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography             Cond Ad Valorem SPI R     Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   105    100 100 95 -- MILD              100     175,100  0 N        175,100
1F RES                      0.090 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  95 -- MILD              100         300  0 N            300
                            2.020 ac                                                                    175,400            175,400




                                                                            PAGE 284
Map: 000409   Lot: 000083   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1                 924 RIVER ROAD                    WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                             OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                      BUILDING DETAILS
                                   WADE, JONATHAN                           District    Percentage      Model: 2.50 STORY COLONIAL
                                                                                                          Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   924 RIVER ROAD                                                          Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                            Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                       Floor: CARPET/HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:   3,675                                             Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                              Bedrooms: 4          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures:
                                    Date   Permit ID    Permit Type          Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                                                                                          A/C: Yes 50.00 %                Generators:
                                                                                                       Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                                                                                     Com. Wall:
                                                                                                      Size Adj: 0.8955               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                    Bldg. Rate:         0.9551
                                                                                                                                 Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 152.82
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                     ID       Description           Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                     VLT    VAULTED                    528     0.05      26
                                                                                                     FFF    FST FLR FIN               1424     1.00   1424
                                                                                                     BMU    BSMNT                     1424     0.15    214
                                                                                                     ATU    ATTIC                      896     0.10      90
                                                                                                     UFF    UPPER FLR FIN              896     1.00    896
                                                                                                     OPF    OPEN PORCH                 168     0.25      42
                                                                                                     ENT    ENTRY WAY                   18     0.10       2
                                                                                                     DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE              405     0.10      41
                                                                                                     GLA:    2,320                   5,759           2,735




                                                                                                        2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                         Market Cost New:           $ 417,963
                                                                                                                Year Built:              1988
                                                                                                        Condition For Age:  GOOD        13 %
                                                                                                                  Physical:
                                                                                                               Functional:
                                                                                                                Economic:
                                                                                                               Temporary:
                                                                                                        Total Depreciation:             13 %

                                                                                                            Building Value:                      $ 363,600
                                                                PAGE 285
Map: 000409         Lot: 000090        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1                 746 RIVER ROAD                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                             PICTURE
LABORE, DAVID P                             Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            09/22/2025 9890   1067   QI         900,000 PLAN B FARMS LLC
XINTARAS-LABORE, LAURA J
                                            03/17/2022 9598   1613   U I 90     726,000 PASCOE, CHRISTOPHER J
746 RIVER ROAD                              12/12/2019 9242   0892   QI         445,000 ALBERINO, MICHAEL J.
                                            02/10/2012 8396   0764   U I 33     226,500 BARRY, DANIEL A.
WEARE, NH 03281                             08/30/2000 6283   1108   QI         162,000 STODDARD(VOSSLER),M
            LISTING HISTORY                                                NOTES
02/10/26 DMVM V-SALE                        BRN; 4/12 NOH; EST INSTALL OF 1 WDSTV & 1 PELLET STV
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        COMPLETE-DNPU; WILL BE OPEN LIVING ROOM OVER GAR WHEN
10/22/25 BHVM                               DONE-PER FRAMER; 4/17 NOH; PU LT; ADDED HEAT TO GAR; 1/20; NOH;
02/23/24 DMPE                               WELL MAINT; 2/24; DNPU KIDS PLAYHSE; EST 3RD BTH IS 100% COMPL'D;
01/28/20 DMVM                               10/25 ADD DEK, LT, CHNG MEAS FOR OPF/OPF; 2/26; RMVD CPT NO ROOF;
01/01/20  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
04/04/17 DMPM
04/19/16 DMPM

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                      1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500                       WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
GARAGE-1 STY/ATTIC                 2,160    60 x 36          67    55.00 150        119,394 HEATD/M. ROOF
LEAN-TO                               50     10 x 5         380     4.00 100             760
DECK                                  20      5x4           400     7.00   50            280 LANDING                     PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
LEAN-TO                              144     24 x 6         171     4.00   75            739 WD STO
                                                                                                                  Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                    126,700                       2024      $ 404,700    $ 75,400      $ 111,164
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 591,264
                                                                                                                  2025      $ 404,700    $ 75,400      $ 111,147
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 591,247
                                                                                                                  2026      $ 570,100   $ 126,700      $ 160,352
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 857,152


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                            LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                  Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography           Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.000 ac    152,033 F   110   100    100 100 95 -- MILD            100     158,900  0 N      158,900
UNMNGD HARDWD              14.700 ac     x 4,000 X   94                  90 -- ROLLING         100      49,700 85 N        1,452
                           15.700 ac                                                                    208,600           160,352




                                                                            PAGE 286
Map: 000409   Lot: 000090   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1                 746 RIVER ROAD                          WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                        TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   LABORE, DAVID P                          District        Percentage    Model: 2.00 STORY LOG
                                   XINTARAS-LABORE, LAURA J                                                 Roof: GAMBREL/STANDING SEAM
                                   746 RIVER ROAD                                                            Ext: LOGS
                                                                                                              Int: DRYWALL/WOOD/LOGS
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                         Floor: PINE/SOFT WD
                                      Account Number:   2,028                                               Heat: OIL/FA DUCTED
                                                                PERMITS                                Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 3.0         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type         Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   04/21/23 EL04-176-23 ELECTRICAL           ELEC FOR BATHRM ADD            A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators:
                                   04/20/23 BP04-169-23 BATHROOM             ADD BATHROOM BSMT           Quality: A2 AVG+20
                                   04/20/23 PL04-170-23 PLUMBING             PL FULL BATH             Com. Wall:
                                   03/01/16 MC-03-68-16 MECHANICAL           UNIT HEATER LPG 300,000 BTU'S IN GARAGE MC-03-68-1
                                   11/25/15 BP-11-625-1 GARAGE                                          Size Adj: 0.7727
                                                                             GARAGE 36'X60' DETACHED BP-11-625-15.                     Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   04/29/15 EL-04-102-15 ELECTRICAL          ELECTRICAL FOR ADDITION W/GARAGE UNDER 100 AMP S Rate:   Bldg.               0.9996
                                   11/04/14 BP-11-461-1 FOUNDATION           FOUNDATION & GARAGE24'X24'                            Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 159.93
                                                                                                                BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                          ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                          UFF     UPPER FLR FIN           1144     1.00   1144
                                                                                                          FFF     FST FLR FIN             1825     1.00   1825
                                                                                                          RBF     RAISED BSMNT            1144     0.75    858
                                                                                                          OPF     OPEN PORCH               511     0.25    128
                                                                                                          DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE            380     0.10      38
                                                                                                          EPF     ENCLOSED                 108     0.70      76
                                                                                                          CTH     CATHEDRAL                576     0.10      58
                                                                                                          BMG     BASEMENT                 576     0.20    115
                                                                                                          ENT     ENTRY WAY                 16     0.10       2
                                                                                                          GLA:     2,969                 6,280           4,244




                                                                                                              2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                               Market Cost New:           $ 678,743
                                                                                                                      Year Built:              1985
                                                                                                              Condition For Age:  GOOD        14 %
                                                                                                                        Physical:
                                                                                                                     Functional:  WH-UFF        2%
                                                                                                                      Economic:
                                                                                                                     Temporary:
                                                                                                              Total Depreciation:             16 %

                                                                                                                  Building Value:                   $ 570,100
                                                                PAGE 287
Map: 000409         Lot: 000095        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1           155 CLOUGH PARK ROAD                      WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
ROCHA, DANIEL                               Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            11/12/2025 9905   1896   QI         479,000 FREEMAN, LORI A
LEONARDO, SANDRO
                                            06/12/2017 8976   0313   QI         225,000 HUSTON, ANGELIQUE S &
155 CLOUGH PARK ROAD                        09/24/1999 6161   0009   QI         110,000 SEAVEY (GRAMATIKAS) D
                                            02/05/1999 6061   1798   U I 77             GRAMATIKAS, MARK
WEARE, NH 03281                             09/29/1997 5857   0354   QI          78,300 CROMBIE
            LISTING HISTORY                                               NOTES
02/10/26 DMVM V-SALE                        BLUE; ROOF 1/2 GAMBREL & 1/2 GABLE; 2/10 AC CHANGED PER APPROVED
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        PLAN; 2/19 NEW HEATING SYS & AC PER HO; DNPU CANVAS SHED; VINYL
11/13/25 BHVM                               WINDOWS; BACK PART OF RF EST IS NEWER; 8/21; 2022 NEW SIDING, DEK,
03/16/23 DMPR                               ROOF & WINDOWS; WELL MAINT; COMPOS/OAK CABS IN KIT; NEW FURN,
02/01/22 DMPM                               WTR TANK & SOFTNER; 2/22; PU NEW DEK & M-ROOF=COND; 3/23; NC;
08/19/21 DMCL                               UPDATED ELEC 200 AM SERV; 11/25 DNPU STO BOX; 2/26; NOH; NC TO EXT;
02/04/20 DMVM
01/01/20  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond    Market Value Notes
POOL-INGRND-VINYL                   680     20 x 34          84   54.00 100           30,845 EST/SHAPE/COVERED      WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
PATIO                               132     11 x 12         181    7.00   50             836 EST/SNOW
                                                                                       31,700
                                                                                                                          PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                   Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2024      $ 194,700    $ 16,800      $ 116,500
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 328,000
                                                                                                                   2025      $ 194,700    $ 16,800      $ 116,500
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 328,000
                                                                                                                   2026      $ 305,500    $ 31,700      $ 161,200
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 498,400


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                              LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                    Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography             Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    100 100 90 -- ROLLING            95     150,100  0 N      150,100 ACC
1F RES                      3.070 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  90 -- ROLLING           100      11,100  0 N       11,100
                            5.000 ac                                                                    161,200            161,200




                                                                            PAGE 288
Map: 000409   Lot: 000095   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1        155 CLOUGH PARK ROAD                          WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                     TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   ROCHA, DANIEL                         District        Percentage    Model: 2.00 STORY GAMBREL
                                   LEONARDO, SANDRO                                                     Roof: GABLE OR HIP/PREFAB METALS
                                   155 CLOUGH PARK ROAD                                                   Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                      Floor: CARPET/HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:   852                                              Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                              PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures: 6
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type      Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   10/14/22 EL10-526-22 ELECTRICAL        3"&2" PVC CONDUIT,PHONE,DATAA/C: Yes 100.00 %                  Generators:
                                   02/10/22 EL02-44-22 ELECTRICAL         200 AMP SVC. REPLACEMENT Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                   06/29/21 BP-06-250-2 DECK              DECK 240 SQ. FT          Com. Wall:
                                   05/24/18 MC-05-233-1 MECHANICAL        REPLACE LPG FURNACE 80K BTU
                                   07/09/12 SW-07-330-1 SWIMMING POOL     POOL IN-GND 20 X 34        Size Adj: 1.0730               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   07/03/12 EL-07-326-12 ELECTRICAL       ELECTRICAL W/SW-07-330-12                                Bldg. Rate:         1.2145
                                                                                                                                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 194.32
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                       ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                       FFF     FST FLR FIN              816     1.00    816
                                                                                                       BMU     BSMNT                    636     0.15      95
                                                                                                       UFF     UPPER FLR FIN            816     1.00    816
                                                                                                       DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE            256     0.10      26
                                                                                                       BMF     BSMNT FINISHED           180     0.30      54
                                                                                                       GLA:     1,632                 2,704           1,807




                                                                                                           2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                            Market Cost New:            $ 351,136
                                                                                                                   Year Built:               1985
                                                                                                           Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     11 %
                                                                                                                     Physical:
                                                                                                                  Functional:    WH           2%
                                                                                                                   Economic:
                                                                                                                  Temporary:
                                                                                                           Total Depreciation:              13 %

                                                                                                               Building Value:                   $ 305,500
                                                              PAGE 289
Map: 000409         Lot: 000154          Sub: 000002          Card: 1 of 1               31 CHUCK STREET                      WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                  SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
MAGUIRE, AUSTIN V                               Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                                09/30/2025 9893 488    QI         576,000 FULLER, CHARLES RICARD
MAGUIRE, BRANDI N
                                                08/13/2020 9333 2751   U I 15     425,000 PEACOCK HILL ROAD, LLC
31 CHUCK STREET


WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                   NOTES
05/05/26 DMPR                                  GREY; EFF 4/20 SUBDIV PLAN 40220 AND SUBSEQUENT LLA PLAN #40361
02/10/26 DMVM V-SALE                           AND SUB PLAN #40455; 5/20; PU NEW HSE; 3/25; DNPU CANVAS SHED;
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION           FOSTER CARE INSP=NCTV; 10/25; ADDED ATTIC OVER GAR; 2/26; NOH; ABV
10/28/25 BHVM                                  AVG SID=VINYL SHAKES; PU GEN-14 KW; 5/26; NC;
03/24/25 DMPR
02/01/21 DMVM
05/13/20 DMVL
04/01/20 LMSL

                                             EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                           Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                          1                    100 5,500.00 100          5,500                        WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
                                                                                          5,500

                                                                                                                             PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                      Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                      2024      $ 290,200          $0      $ 113,700
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 403,900
                                                                                                                      2025      $ 290,200     $ 3,000      $ 113,700
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 406,900
                                                                                                                      2026      $ 451,000     $ 5,500      $ 162,500
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 619,000


                                             LAND VALUATION                                                                     LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                                   Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography                    Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  5.000 ac    172,000 E   100   100  100    100 95 -- MILD                    90      147,100  0 N      147,100 WET
1F RES                  7.120 ac     x 4,000 X   95                   95 -- MILD                    60       15,400  0 N       15,400 WET
                           12.120 ac                                                                       162,500            162,500




                                                                              PAGE 290
Map: 000409   Lot: 000154   Sub: 000002         Card: 1 of 1                31 CHUCK STREET                         WEARE               Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                              OWNER                         TAXABLE DISTRICTS                         BUILDING DETAILS
                                   MAGUIRE, AUSTIN V                          District        PercentageModel: 2.00 STORY COLONIAL
                                   MAGUIRE, BRANDI N                                                     Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   31 CHUCK STREET                                                         Ext: VINYL SIDING/ABOVE AVG
                                                                                                            Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                       Floor: HARDWOOD/CARPET
                                       Account Number:                                                    Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                                 PERMITS                            Bedrooms: 3           Baths: 2.5         Fixtures: 9
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type       Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   01/07/26 EL01-15-26 ELECTRICAL         ELEC FOR GENERATOR              A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators: 1
                                   01/02/26 MP01-03-26 MECHANICAL         GENERATOR 14 KW              Quality: A2 AVG+20
                                   04/23/24 MP04-132-24 FOSTER CARE       FOSTER CARE INSP          Com. Wall:
                                   02/20/20 BP-02-37-20 SINGLE FAMILY HOM SFH (2) STRY (3) BDRM W/ATT GAR
                                   01/31/20 MC-01-23-20 MECHANICAL        LPG TANK 500 GAL UG         Size Adj: 0.9381               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                    Bldg. Rate:         1.1694
                                                                                                                                 Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 187.10
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                            ID       Description        Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                            FFF    FST FLR FIN             960     1.00    960
                                                                                                            BMU    BSMNT                   960     0.15    144
                                                                                                            GAR    GARAGE                  624     0.45    281
                                                                                                            OPF    OPEN PORCH               24     0.25       6
                                                                                                            DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE           222     0.10      22
                                                                                                            UFF    UPPER FLR FIN           960     1.00    960
                                                                                                            ATU    ATTIC                   624     0.10      62
                                                                                                            GLA:    1,920                4,374           2,435




                                                                                                               2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                                Market Cost New:           $ 455,589
                                                                                                                       Year Built:              2020
                                                                                                               Condition For Age: AVERAGE        1%
                                                                                                                         Physical:
                                                                                                                      Functional:
                                                                                                                       Economic:
                                                                                                                      Temporary:
                                                                                                               Total Depreciation:               1%

                                                                                                                   Building Value:                  $ 451,000
                                                                 PAGE 291
Map: 000409      Lot: 000157           Sub: 0008-1        Card: 1 of 1             123 HIGH ROCK ROAD                      WEARE             Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
FOGARTY, SHELLY REVOC TRUST                 Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            03/11/2026 9935   1236   U I 38           1 FOGARTY, SHELLY L
FOGARTY, SHELLY L TRUSTEE
                                            04/16/2025 9848   1331   QI         712,500 BLUE PRINT HOMES, LLC
123 HIGH ROCK ROAD                          06/14/2024 9780   314    QV         128,000 HARRINGTON, MADISON
                                            12/21/2022 9674   1345   QV          99,000 GRECO, PHILIP FAMILY
WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                 NOTES
01/12/26 DMVR V-SALE                        GRY; PLAN#40736; 8/22; SITE HAS BEEN CLEARED; DRWY PUT IN; 3/25;
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        NOH; PU NEW HSE; EST INT & HSE IS 100% COMPL; 10/25; ADDED NEW
10/28/25 BHVM                               SHED; RMV B/P FLAG; 1/26; NC;
03/21/25 DMVM
03/16/23 DMPR
08/05/22 DMVL
01/05/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
06/18/21 CRSR

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond    Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                      1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500 GAS                     WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                           280     20 x 14         117    17.00 100           5,569
                                                                                       11,100
                                                                                                                          PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                   Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2024              $0          $0       $ 75,100
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 75,100
                                                                                                                   2025      $ 347,300      $ 3,000      $ 112,000
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 462,300
                                                                                                                   2026      $ 509,400     $ 11,100      $ 171,000
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 691,500


                                             LAND VALUATION                                                                   LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                            Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography                 Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  5.000 ac    172,000 F   110   100  100     95 95 -- MILD                 100     170,800     0 N    170,800
1F RES                  0.040 ac     x 4,000 X  100                   95 -- MILD                 100         200     0 N        200
                            5.040 ac                                                                    171,000            171,000




                                                                            PAGE 292
Map: 000409   Lot: 000157   Sub: 0008-1        Card: 1 of 1            123 HIGH ROCK ROAD                    WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                             OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                       BUILDING DETAILS
                                   FOGARTY, SHELLY REVOC TRUST             District     Percentage      Model: 2.00 STORY COLONIAL
                                   FOGARTY, SHELLY L TRUSTEE                                              Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   123 HIGH ROCK ROAD                                                      Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                            Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                       Floor: HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:                                                     Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                               PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 4          Baths: 3.0         Fixtures: 10
                                     Date    Permit ID   Permit Type        Notes                                Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                    05/09/25 BP05-199-25 SHED               20X14 SHED                    A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators:
                                    04/11/25             CO ISSUED          CO ISSUED 4/11/25          Quality: A2 AVG+20
                                    12/17/24 EL12-687-24 ELECTRICAL         SFH WIRING               Com. Wall:
                                    12/16/24 MP12-685-24 MECHANICAL         FURNACE 80K
                                    12/02/24 PL12-660-24 PLUMBING           SFH NEW PLUMBING          Size Adj: 0.8682               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                    12/02/24 MP12-661-24 MECHANICAL         GAS PIPE. WTR HTR                                       Bldg. Rate:         1.0721
                                    11/13/24 MP11-618-24 MECHANICAL         500 UG TNK, PIPING                                   Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 171.53
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                     ID       Description           Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                     GAR    GARAGE                     676     0.45    304
                                                                                                     UFF    UPPER FLR FIN             1028     1.00   1028
                                                                                                     FFF    FST FLR FIN               1380     1.00   1380
                                                                                                     BMU    BSMNT                     1380     0.15    207
                                                                                                     VLT    VAULTED                    352     0.05      18
                                                                                                     ENT    ENTRY WAY                   18     0.10       2
                                                                                                     EPU    COVERED BSMNT               35     0.35      12
                                                                                                     DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE              192     0.10      19
                                                                                                     GLA:    2,408                   5,061           2,970




                                                                                                        2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                         Market Cost New:           $ 509,444
                                                                                                                Year Built:              2024
                                                                                                        Condition For Age: AVERAGE
                                                                                                                  Physical:
                                                                                                               Functional:
                                                                                                                Economic:
                                                                                                               Temporary:
                                                                                                        Total Depreciation:

                                                                                                            Building Value:                      $ 509,400
                                                              PAGE 293
Map: 000409      Lot: 000191          Sub: 000007          Card: 1 of 1                EASTMAN WAY                         WEARE           Printed:   08/11/2026
          OWNER INFORMATION                                           SALES HISTORY                                                   PICTURE
RA/LO AND ASSOCIATES, LLC                   Date       Book Page Type         Price Grantor
                                            12/20/2025 9916 1949 Q V        170,000 KELLY, BRIAN J
                                            09/24/2025           U V 31           1 KELLY, BRIAN J
20A NORTHWEST BLVD SUITE 273                01/09/2025 9829 1028 U V 21     275,000 MELVAN, LLC

NASHUA, NH 03063
            LISTING HISTORY                                                 NOTES
02/10/26 DMVL                               APPROVED 2/05, PLAN #33783; 8/13 VAC; 11/25; NC; EFF 4/26
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        CONSOL/SUBDIV PL # 42562; 2/26; NC;
11/19/25 DMVL V-SALE
02/05/20 DMVL
01/01/20  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
08/21/13 DMVL
01/09/13  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
05/20/05 CNSL

                                          EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                        Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate Cond      Market Value Notes
                                                                                                                    WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE

                                                                                                                          PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                   Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2024              $0       $0          $ 273
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 273
                                                                                                                   2025              $0       $0          $ 268
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 268
                                                                                                                   2026              $0       $0        $ 1,536
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 1,536


                                             LAND VALUATION                                                                 LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                              Site: UNDEVELOPED CLEARED Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography                 Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
UNMNGD PINE             5.000 ac    172,000 G   120    85  100     95 95 -- MILD                 100       158,300 100 Y     796
UNMNGD PINE             3.557 ac     x 4,000 X   96                   95 -- MILD                 100        13,000 100 N     708
WETLANDS                1.500 ac     x 4,000 X   96                   95 -- MILD                  10           500 100 N      32
                        10.057 ac                                                                       171,800              1,536




                                                                            PAGE 294
Map: 000409   Lot: 000191   Sub: 000007       Card: 1 of 1              EASTMAN WAY                       WEARE                   Printed:   08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                     TAXABLE DISTRICTS                       BUILDING DETAILS
                                   RA/LO AND ASSOCIATES, LLC             District    Percentage      Model:
                                                                                                      Roof:
                                   20A NORTHWEST BLVD SUITE 273                                         Ext:
                                                                                                        Int:
                                   NASHUA, NH 03063                                                   Floor:
                                      Account Number:                                                  Heat:
                                                             PERMITS                              Bedrooms:              Baths:         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type      Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:       Fireplaces:
                                   06/02/26 PL06-237-26 PLUMBING         PL SHF HOME NEW                A/C:                          Generators:
                                   06/02/26 MP06-238-26 MECHANICAL       LPG TANK,GAS PIPE          Quality:
                                   03/24/26 BP03-99-26 SINGLE FAMILY HOM 4BD,3BTH,2 CAR ATT GAR   Com. Wall:
                                                                                                     Stories:

                                                                                                                          Base Type:
                                                                                                           BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS




                                                                                                     2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION

                                                                                                             Year Built:
                                                                                                     Condition For Age:                             %
                                                                                                               Physical:
                                                                                                            Functional:
                                                                                                             Economic:
                                                                                                            Temporary:
                                                                                                                                                    %



                                                             PAGE 295
Map: 000409       Lot: 000191          Sub: 000008          Card: 1 of 1                EASTMAN WAY                         WEARE           Printed:   08/11/2026
          OWNER INFORMATION                                            SALES HISTORY                                                   PICTURE
BOUCHARD, TIMOTHY                            Date       Book Page Type         Price Grantor
                                             06/10/2026 9962 547 U V 97            1 BOUCHARD, TIMOTHY
                                             09/29/2025 9892 1702 Q V        170,000 KELLY, BRIAN J
158 CENTER ROAD APT 2                        09/24/2025 9891 991 U V 31            1 KELLY, BRIAN J
                                             01/09/2025 9829 1028 U V 21     275,000 MELVAN, LLC
WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                  NOTES
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION         APPROVED 2/05, PLAN #33783; 8/13 VAC; 11/25; NC; EFF 4/26
11/19/25 DMVL V-SALE                         CONSOL/SUBDIV PL# 42562
02/05/20 DMVL
01/01/20  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
08/21/13 DMVL
01/09/13  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
05/20/05 CNSL


                                           EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                         Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate Cond      Market Value Notes
                                                                                                                     WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE

                                                                                                                           PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                    Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                    2024              $0       $0          $ 537
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 537
                                                                                                                    2025              $0       $0          $ 525
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 525
                                                                                                                    2026              $0       $0        $ 1,717
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 1,717


                                             LAND VALUATION                                                                  LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                               Site: UNDEVELOPED CLEARED Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography                  Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
UNMNGD PINE             5.000 ac    172,000 G   120    85  100     95 95 -- MILD                  100       158,300 100 Y     796
WETLANDS                0.500 ac     x 4,000 X   96                   95 -- MILD                   10           200 100 N      11
UNMNGD PINE             4.572 ac     x 4,000 X   96                   95 -- MILD                  100        16,700 100 N     910
                         10.072 ac                                                                       175,200              1,717




                                                                             PAGE 296
Map: 000409   Lot: 000191   Sub: 000008       Card: 1 of 1                 EASTMAN WAY                       WEARE                   Printed:   08/11/2026
              PICTURE                             OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                       BUILDING DETAILS
                                   BOUCHARD, TIMOTHY                        District    Percentage      Model:
                                                                                                         Roof:
                                   158 CENTER ROAD APT 2                                                   Ext:
                                                                                                           Int:
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                       Floor:
                                      Account Number:                                                     Heat:
                                                                PERMITS                              Bedrooms:              Baths:         Fixtures:
                                    Date   Permit ID    Permit Type          Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:       Fireplaces:
                                                                                                           A/C:                          Generators:
                                                                                                       Quality:
                                                                                                     Com. Wall:
                                                                                                        Stories:

                                                                                                                             Base Type:
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS




                                                                                                        2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION

                                                                                                                Year Built:
                                                                                                        Condition For Age:                             %
                                                                                                                  Physical:
                                                                                                               Functional:
                                                                                                                Economic:
                                                                                                               Temporary:
                                                                                                                                                       %



                                                                PAGE 297
Map: 000410         Lot: 000045        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1             200 MOUNTAIN ROAD                       WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
PLOURDE, JULIE A                            Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            02/13/2026 9929   1205   QI         630,000 VICE CONSULTING GROUP,
HOLT, MICHAEL
                                            01/23/2025 9831   1987   U I 13     372,000 MOSCARITO,JOHN &LORNA
200 MOUNTAIN ROAD                           05/31/2016 8859   2199   U I 38           1 MOSCARITO, JOHN F

WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                NOTES
02/03/26 DMPM                               GRN; 4/25; FFF & MOST OF UFF GUTTED, NEW PLUMB IN UFF; SOME OPEN
04/01/25 DMVL                               STUDS IN BDS & BTHS ETC; GRAVEL FLR IN 20X23 BSMT; WET BSMT; NEW
01/01/25  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        SIDING, WINDS & DOORS; PART OF ROOF REPL; 2/26; NOH; INT COMPL
02/11/21 DMVM                               RENO'D; EST 100% COMPL'D; 4-SALE; QUARTZ/WD CABS IN KIT W/ISLAND,
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        DBL WALL OVEN;
06/17/15 DMVM
07/14/08 KMVM
06/02/08  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
BARN-2STRY                          576     24 x 24          88   35.00   60         10,644                          WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
                                                                                       10,600

                                                                                                                          PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                   Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2024      $ 327,900     $ 7,900      $ 111,800
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 447,600
                                                                                                                   2025      $ 275,300     $ 7,900      $ 111,800
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 395,000
                                                                                                                   2026      $ 475,800    $ 10,600      $ 168,900
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 655,300


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                               LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography             Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    100 95  95 -- MILD              100     158,400     0 N    158,400
1F RES                      2.770 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  95 -- MILD              100      10,500     0 N     10,500
                            4.700 ac                                                                    168,900            168,900




                                                                            PAGE 298
Map: 000410   Lot: 000045   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1             200 MOUNTAIN ROAD                        WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                          BUILDING DETAILS
                                   PLOURDE, JULIE A                       District       Percentage    Model: 2.00 STORY GAMBREL
                                   HOLT, MICHAEL                                                        Roof: GAMBREL/ASPHALT
                                   200 MOUNTAIN ROAD                                                      Ext: VINYL SIDING/ABOVE AVG
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                      Floor: HARD TILE/LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number:   249                                              Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                              PERMITS                              Bedrooms: 4           Baths: 2.5         Fixtures: 9
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type       Notes                                Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   03/26/25 PL03-121-25 PLUMBING           PL NEW BATH, PL FOR RENOVATIONSA/C: No                        Generators:
                                   03/10/25 EL03-95-25 ELECTRICAL          ELEC FOR RENO              Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                   02/20/25 BP02-77-25 RENOVATIONS         ADD BATH, MSTR BED, RENOCom.
                                                                                                    HOME Wall:
                                   11/02/15 EL-11-557-15 ELECTRICAL        ELECTRICAL SUB-PANEL 100 AMP IN BARN EL-11-557-15
                                   06/22/15 MC-06-236-1 MECHANICAL                                   Size Adj: 0.7930
                                                                           OIL BURNER, WALL HEATER 10K BTU'S,    47K & 275 OIL TBase Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                   Bldg. Rate:         0.8890
                                                                                                                                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 142.25
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                        ID       Description          Area      Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                        FFF    FST FLR FIN              1846    1.00   1846
                                                                                                        BMU    BSMNT                    1578    0.15    237
                                                                                                        VLT    VAULTED                    50    0.05       3
                                                                                                        DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE             220    0.10      22
                                                                                                        OPF    OPEN PORCH                 78    0.25      20
                                                                                                        SLB    SLAB                      218    0.00       0
                                                                                                        CTH    CATHEDRAL                 320    0.10      32
                                                                                                        UFU    UPPER FLR                 478    0.25    120
                                                                                                        GAR    GARAGE                    478    0.45    215
                                                                                                        UFF    UPPER FLR FIN            1394    1.00   1394
                                                                                                        GLA:    3,240                  6,660          3,889




                                                                                                            2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                             Market Cost New:            $ 553,210
                                                                                                                    Year Built:               1976
                                                                                                            Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     12 %
                                                                                                                      Physical:
                                                                                                                   Functional:    W.H.         2%
                                                                                                                    Economic:
                                                                                                                   Temporary:
                                                                                                            Total Depreciation:              14 %

                                                                                                               Building Value:                   $ 475,800
                                                              PAGE 299
Map: 000410         Lot: 000142          Sub: 000003         Card: 1 of 1                 24 ETTA LANE #3                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                   SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
GAGNON, KRISTAN                                Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                               04/17/2026 9945   702    QI         240,000 JANKEVICIUS, DANAS
                                               01/23/2024 9753   2175   QI         220,000 LEWIS, ELIZABETH S
40 LAFRANCE ROAD                               12/03/2019 9238   2009   QI         105,000 CLEMENT, WILLIAM
                                               11/14/2017 9026   0067   U I 25      40,000 EBBS, BENJAMIN & ANGELA
WEARE, NH 03281                                10/12/2016 8906   0679   U I 38           1 FOOTE, MICHELE
            LISTING HISTORY                                                    NOTES
08/11/25 DMVM                                  GRY; UNDIVIDED 25% INTEREST IN COMMON LAND 9.09 AC; LAND IS
01/01/25  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION           INCLUSIVE; 6/15 NOH; NC; 4/17 ROOF IN PR COND, MISC SIDING/TRIM ROT,
08/18/21 DMCL                                  WINDOW TRIM ON BUMP OUT; 2/21 SOME SIDING HAS BEEN REPLACED;
02/05/21 DMVM                                  REDUCED UC; 8/21; FMICA/OAK CABS IN KIT; REMODELED 1 BTH 2021;
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION           INT=GD; SUMP PUMP; 1/2 BTH IN BMG; 8/25; NOH; NC TO EXT;
02/27/20 DMPR
02/22/19 DMPR
04/25/18 DMPR

                                           EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                          MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                         Units Lngth x Width Size Adj  Rate    Cond    Market Value Notes
ETTA LANE CONDOS                         1                    100 55,000.00 100          55,000                         WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
                                                                                          55,000

                                                                                                                             PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                      Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                      2024      $ 108,200    $ 40,000            $0
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 148,200
                                                                                                                      2025      $ 108,200    $ 40,000            $0
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 148,200
                                                                                                                      2026      $ 185,000    $ 55,000            $0
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 240,000


                                                  LAND VALUATION                                                                 LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93    Minimum Frontage: 200                                                 Site:               Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type 1F RES                    Neighborhood: F                                                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R     Tax Value Notes

                                  0 ac




                                                                               PAGE 300
Map: 000410   Lot: 000142   Sub: 000003       Card: 1 of 1                 24 ETTA LANE #3                     WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                         TAXABLE DISTRICTS                       BUILDING DETAILS
                                   GAGNON, KRISTAN                           District     Percentage      Model: 2.00 STORY CONDO
                                                                                                            Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   40 LAFRANCE ROAD                                                          Ext: CLAP BOARD
                                                                                                              Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                         Floor: CARPET/HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:   3,757                                               Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                                Bedrooms: 2          Baths: 1.5         Fixtures: 5
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type           Notes                                Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   05/19/17 MC-05-243-1 MECHANICAL            LPG TANK 500 GAL U/G          A/C: No                         Generators:
                                                                                                         Quality: A0 AVG
                                                                                                       Com. Wall:
                                                                                                        Size Adj: 1.3529               Base Rate: RCD 160.00
                                                                                                                                      Bldg. Rate:         1.2595
                                                                                                                                   Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 201.53
                                                                                                                BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                       ID       Description           Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                       BMG    BASEMENT                   504     0.20    101
                                                                                                       DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE               24     0.10       2
                                                                                                       FFF    FST FLR FIN                537     1.00    537
                                                                                                       UFF    UPPER FLR FIN              537     1.00    537
                                                                                                       GLA:    1,074                   1,602           1,177




                                                                                                          2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                           Market Cost New:           $ 237,201
                                                                                                                  Year Built:              1987
                                                                                                          Condition For Age: AVERAGE      18 %
                                                                                                                    Physical:
                                                                                                                 Functional:   CW           4%
                                                                                                                  Economic:
                                                                                                                 Temporary:
                                                                                                          Total Depreciation:             22 %

                                                                                                              Building Value:                      $ 185,000
                                                                PAGE 301
Map: 000410         Lot: 000228        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1               128 BOGUE ROAD                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                              SALES HISTORY                                             PICTURE
BEEBE, TARAN                                Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            07/21/2025 9873 104    QI         390,000 CRAVEN, JEFFREY N
CONNOLLY, MELISSA
                                            07/03/2001 6449 2328   QI         152,000 DANBY, CRAIG
128 BOGUE ROAD                              03/20/2001 6374 847    U I 99             DANBY, PAMELA
                                            09/01/1995 5655 547    QI          90,000 ZEISZLER, GERALD A
WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                NOTES
02/02/26 DMVR V-SALE                        GRAY; 2/09 WALKOUT BSMT; SUMP PUMP; 6/15 NOH; CORR'D HSE MEAS;
08/15/25 DMVE                               2/21; ALL INFO FROM HO (MRS) DNVI; FURN IN NEED OF REPAIR, HO
01/01/25  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        STATES NOT GOING TO FIX - PRIMARY HEAT IS PELLET STOVE; EXT=AVG;
02/19/21 DMVM                               2/26; NEW HEATING SYS IN 2025;
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
06/15/15 DMVM
02/24/09 DMVL
12/04/08  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                      MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                            24       4x6           400   17.00   40           653 COOP/EST               WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
                                                                                       700

                                                                                                                       PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                2024      $ 172,300          $0      $ 117,700
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 290,000
                                                                                                                2025      $ 190,700       $ 400      $ 117,700
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 308,800
                                                                                                                2026      $ 275,600       $ 700      $ 159,600
                                                                                                                                      Parcel Total: $ 435,900


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                            LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                             Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography          Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    100 95  95 -- MILD           100     158,400     0 N    158,400
1F RES                      0.330 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  90 -- ROLLING        100       1,200     0 N      1,200
                            2.260 ac                                                                  159,600           159,600




                                                                          PAGE 302
Map: 000410   Lot: 000228   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1                 128 BOGUE ROAD                      WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                         TAXABLE DISTRICTS                       BUILDING DETAILS
                                   BEEBE, TARAN                              District     Percentage      Model: 1.75 STORY R-CAPE
                                   CONNOLLY, MELISSA                                                        Roof: SALT BOX/ASPHALT
                                   128 BOGUE ROAD                                                            Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                              Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                         Floor: HARD TILE/PINE/SOFT WD
                                      Account Number:   1,807                                               Heat: GAS/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                                Bedrooms: 4          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures: 3
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type           Notes                                Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   07/22/25 MP07-345-25 MECHANICAL            BOILER/GAS PIPING             A/C: No                         Generators:
                                                                                                         Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                                                                                       Com. Wall:
                                                                                                        Size Adj: 1.0497               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                      Bldg. Rate:         1.0976
                                                                                                                                   Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 175.62
                                                                                                                BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                       ID       Description           Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                       UFF    UPPER FLR FIN              408     1.00    408
                                                                                                       FFF    FST FLR FIN                816     1.00    816
                                                                                                       BMF    BSMNT FINISHED             408     0.30    122
                                                                                                       ENT    ENTRY WAY                   20     0.10       2
                                                                                                       DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE              333     0.10      33
                                                                                                       HSF    1/2 STRY FIN               408     0.50    204
                                                                                                       RBF    RAISED BSMNT               408     0.75    306
                                                                                                       GLA:    1,428                   2,801           1,891




                                                                                                          2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                           Market Cost New:           $ 332,097
                                                                                                                  Year Built:              1988
                                                                                                          Condition For Age: AVERAGE      17 %
                                                                                                                    Physical:
                                                                                                                 Functional:
                                                                                                                  Economic:
                                                                                                                 Temporary:
                                                                                                          Total Depreciation:             17 %

                                                                                                              Building Value:                      $ 275,600
                                                                PAGE 303
Map: 000411         Lot: 000055        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1          224 RIDGEVIEW ROAD                        WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                            SALES HISTORY                                                 PICTURE
ORTIZ, JONATHAN E                           Date       Book Page   Type       Price Grantor
                                            05/16/2025 9856 648    QI       540,000 MEYERS, EDWARD A
ORTIZ, ROBYN
                                            08/26/2005 7533 678    QI       294,533 WARD, J&C
224 RIDGEVIEW ROAD                          05/27/2003 6938 248    QI       275,000 WOMACK/KINGMAN
                                            12/04/2000 6324 1146   QI       183,000 SHINN, CAROLYNNE
WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                NOTES
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        RED; YB=EST; 3/11 PU DEK; NEW ROOF IN 2009; 12/25; WELL MAINT; RMVD
12/17/25 RWVM V-SALE                        GRNHSE & COOP; GRANITE/WD CABS IN KIT; NEW SIDING & WINDS; 12/25;
12/01/25 DMVL V-SALE                        NOH; EXT COND STILL GD; PU DEK ATT TO POOL;
05/10/21 SLVM
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
02/28/20 DMPR
12/10/15 DMVM
03/23/11 DMVM

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate   Cond   Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                           130     10 x 13         183   17.00 100          4,044                         WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
POOL-ABOVE GROUND                   432     24 x 18          97   11.00 100          4,609 ROUND
DECK                                576     576 x 1          88    7.00 100          3,548 ATT POOL/SHAPE
                                                                                    12,200                               PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                  Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                  2024      $ 263,000     $ 7,500      $ 117,000
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 387,500
                                                                                                                  2025      $ 263,000     $ 7,500      $ 117,000
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 387,500
                                                                                                                  2026      $ 382,600    $ 12,200      $ 158,400
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 553,200


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                           LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                 Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography          Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    100 100 90 -- ROLLING        100     158,000  0 N      158,000
1F RES                      0.120 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  90 -- ROLLING        100         400  0 N          400
                            2.050 ac                                                                 158,400              158,400




                                                                         PAGE 304
Map: 000411   Lot: 000055   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1            224 RIDGEVIEW ROAD                          WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   ORTIZ, JONATHAN E                       District        Percentage     Model: 2.00 STORY COLONIAL
                                   ORTIZ, ROBYN                                                            Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   224 RIDGEVIEW ROAD                                                        Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                              Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                         Floor: PINE/SOFT WD/HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:   3,029                                               Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 5           Baths: 3.0         Fixtures: 9
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type        Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   06/14/19 SW-06-370-1 SWIMMING POOL       POOL ABV GND 24' DIA            A/C: No                         Generators:
                                   10/26/00 SE-10-661-00 SEPTIC             SE-10-661-00;REPLACE SEPTIC;REPLACE
                                                                                                         Quality: A1SEPTIC
                                                                                                                      AVG+10
                                                                                                      Com. Wall:
                                                                                                        Size Adj: 0.8968               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                      Bldg. Rate:         0.9861
                                                                                                                                   Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 157.77
                                                                                                                BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                          ID       Description          Area    Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                          UFF    UPPER FLR FIN             960 1.00     960
                                                                                                          FFF    FST FLR FIN              1382 1.00    1382
                                                                                                          BMU    BSMNT                     624 0.15       94
                                                                                                          BMG    BASEMENT                  576 0.20     115
                                                                                                          HSF    1/2 STRY FIN              168 0.50       84
                                                                                                          OPF    OPEN PORCH                216 0.25       54
                                                                                                          PRS    PIER                      182 -0.05      -9
                                                                                                          DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE             437 0.10       44
                                                                                                          ENT    ENTRY WAY                  12 0.10        1
                                                                                                          GLA:    2,426                  4,557        2,725




                                                                                                              2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                               Market Cost New:            $ 429,923
                                                                                                                      Year Built:               1986
                                                                                                              Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     11 %
                                                                                                                        Physical:
                                                                                                                     Functional:
                                                                                                                      Economic:
                                                                                                                     Temporary:
                                                                                                              Total Depreciation:              11 %

                                                                                                                 Building Value:                    $ 382,600
                                                                PAGE 305
Map: 000411        Lot: 000108        Sub: 000011        Card: 1 of 1             103 RENSHAW ROAD                        WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                               SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
KARKACHOV, RUSLAN                          Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                           04/10/2026 9943   1370   QI         650,000 SANTOSUOSSO, SARA
                                           08/13/2019 9198   0863   U I 38           1 SANTOSUOSSO, BARBARA &
26 OLDE WOODE ROAD                         02/01/2013 8523   1959   U I 37     136,500 BANK OF NEW YORK
                                           06/14/2012 8436   2886   U I 51     373,500 DRAGOTTA, GENE C
SALEM, NH 03079                            12/09/1993 5501   1059   QI         268,000 UNKNOWN
             LISTING HISTORY                                              NOTES
 01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION      GRN; CO 12-11-92; 4 BDRM SEPTIC; 1 BED=NO CLOSET;BATHS=1-6 FIXT, 1-3
 09/11/25 DMVE                             FIXT, 2-2 FIXT; HARD WIRED GEN, CENTRAL VAC; 4/17 TQF NO HEAT, MIN
 05/10/21 DMVE                             CHANGE TO INT; MOSTLY ORIG; EXT>INT; DIN RM HDWD FLR; 3/20; "NT";
 01/28/21 DMPE                             5/21; HO OPT OUT; EST FROM RD; 9/25; HO OPT OUT=EST; INFO FROM
 01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION      LISTING-GRANITE/WD CABS W/ISLAND IN KIT APPRS ONLY UPDATING;
 03/02/20 DMPR                             ORIG INT WITH MANY DATED FEATURES, OD CARPET, LONG MARKETING
 02/20/19 DMPE                             HISTORY STARTING IN 24 AT $985,0200 STIGMATIZED, LACKS THE QUAL
 04/13/18 DMPE                             OF AN A3 HOME
                                        EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                      Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                     1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500                         WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
PATIO                              720     15 x 48          82     7.00   40          1,653 EST/SNOW
POOL-INGRND-GUNITE                 720     40 x 18          82    75.00 100          44,280
                                                                                      51,400                             PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                  Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                  2024      $ 508,600    $ 20,200      $ 111,900
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 640,700
                                                                                                                  2025      $ 508,600    $ 20,200      $ 111,900
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 640,700
                                                                                                                  2026      $ 509,700    $ 51,400      $ 152,100
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 713,200


                                                LAND VALUATION                                                               LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: COMMERCIAL    Minimum Acreage: 2.00 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type                  Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography             Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                     2.000 ac    160,000 F   110   100    100 95  90 -- ROLLING           100     150,500     0 N    150,500
1F RES                     0.450 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  90 -- ROLLING           100       1,600     0 N      1,600
                           2.450 ac                                                                    152,100            152,100




                                                                           PAGE 306
Map: 000411   Lot: 000108   Sub: 000011       Card: 1 of 1             103 RENSHAW ROAD                          WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                          BUILDING DETAILS
                                   KARKACHOV, RUSLAN                       District       Percentage    Model: 2.00 STORY CONVENTION
                                                                                                         Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   26 OLDE WOODE ROAD                                                      Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                            Int: DRYWALL
                                   SALEM, NH 03079                                                       Floor: HARDWOOD/CARPET
                                      Account Number:   4,172                                             Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                              Bedrooms: 5          Baths: 4.0         Fixtures: 13
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type         Notes                                Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   05/04/00 SW-05-204-0 SWIMMING POOL                                     A/C:
                                                                            SW-05-204-00;INGROUND POOL;20 X      No
                                                                                                             40 INGROUND      POOL        Generators: 1
                                                                                                       Quality: A3 AVG+30
                                                                                                    Com. Wall:
                                                                                                      Size Adj: 0.7197               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                    Bldg. Rate:         0.9536
                                                                                                                                 Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 152.57
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                         ID       Description          Area      Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                         TQF    3/4 STRY FIN              936    0.75    702
                                                                                                         GAR    GARAGE                    936    0.45    421
                                                                                                         DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE             468    0.10      47
                                                                                                         CTH    CATHEDRAL                 746    0.10      75
                                                                                                         FFF    FST FLR FIN              2360    1.00   2360
                                                                                                         BMU    BSMNT                    2360    0.15    354
                                                                                                         OPF    OPEN PORCH                346    0.25      87
                                                                                                         UFF    UPPER FLR FIN            1522    1.00   1522
                                                                                                         GLA:    4,584                  9,674          5,568




                                                                                                             2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                              Market Cost New:            $ 849,510
                                                                                                                     Year Built:               1990
                                                                                                             Condition For Age: AVERAGE       17 %
                                                                                                                       Physical:  QUAL        20 %
                                                                                                                    Functional: WB/TQFNOH       3%
                                                                                                                     Economic:
                                                                                                                    Temporary:
                                                                                                             Total Depreciation:              40 %

                                                                                                                Building Value:                   $ 509,700
                                                                PAGE 307
Map: 000411         Lot: 000124        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1         733 SOUTH STARK HIGHWAY                       WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                              SALES HISTORY                                                  PICTURE
HAND IN HAND SENIOR CENTER                  Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            02/24/2026 9931 1346   QI         490,000 WILBER, LISA M
                                            10/28/2019 9224 2689   U I 38           1 WHITTEN, VIRGINIA
33 NORTH STARK HWY                          10/01/1996 5757 538    QI          85,000 FOURNIER
                                            10/01/1996 5757 537    U I 99             CORRECTIVE
WEARE, NH 03281                             10/01/1995 5665 446    U I 51
            LISTING HISTORY                                                  NOTES
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        WHT/BLUE; HSE SETTLING; NO HEAT IN ATF; NEW RF IN 04; NEW WNDWS
11/18/25 DMVL                               IN 02; 51X31 FFF=AVON STOR; ADJUST ACREAGE PER LLA; 2
08/18/21 DMCL                               FAM+BUSINESS PER PERMIT; STORE & NEW ADDTN ARE OIL/FHA;
05/05/21 SLVM                               "AVON"; 12' CEILS IN 30X50 ADD; (2) 1/2 BTHS & (2) FULL; 04/16 PU GEN;
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        8/21; 1 KIT HAS FMICA/OAK CABS & 2ND FMICA/PINE CABS; BSMT
04/19/16 DMPR                               LEAKING IN 20X20 ADDTN; 11/25; NC; WELL MAINT; SOME DRYWALL
01/06/16 DMVL                               CRACKS IN STONE
08/28/08 DMCL

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                           MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                            64       8x8           310   17.00   60          2,024                           WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                           120     12 x 10         193   17.00   80          3,150
                                                                                      5,200
                                                                                                                            PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                     Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                     2024      $ 349,900     $ 3,000      $ 126,300
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 479,200
                                                                                                                     2025      $ 349,900     $ 3,000      $ 126,300
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 479,200
                                                                                                                     2026      $ 367,600     $ 5,200      $ 145,000
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 517,800


                                                LAND VALUATION                                                               LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                               Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography            Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
2F RES                      1.070 ac    152,603 E  100    100    100 95 100 -- LEVEL            100     145,000     0 N    145,000 USE
                            1.070 ac                                                                    145,000              145,000




                                                                           PAGE 308
Map: 000411   Lot: 000124   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1        733 SOUTH STARK HIGHWAY                          WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                            BUILDING DETAILS
                                   HAND IN HAND SENIOR CENTER              District        Percentage       Model: 1.50 STORY CONVENTION
                                                                                                             Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   33 NORTH STARK HWY                                                          Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                                Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                           Floor: CARPET/HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:   1,398                                                 Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                                  Bedrooms: 4          Baths: 3.0        Fixtures: 12
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type        Notes                                    Extra Kitchens: 1        Fireplaces:
                                   12/14/15 EL-12-669-15 ELECTRICAL         GENERATOR 10 KW LPG EL-12-669-15  A/C: Yes 75.00 %               Generators: 1
                                   08/27/07 EL-08-476-07 ELECTRICAL         EL-08-476-07;ADDITION W/BP-06-286-07;ADDITION
                                                                                                           Quality: A1 AVG+10W/BP
                                   08/17/07 MC-08-452-0 MECHANICAL          MC-08-452-07;FURNACE & ACCom.ONLY;W/BP-06-286-07
                                                                                                              Wall:                FUNA
                                   08/17/07 MC-08-459-0 MECHANICAL          MC-08-459-07;WATER HEATER 50 GALLON;W/BP-06-286-07
                                   08/17/07 PL-08-458-07 PLUMBING                                         Size Adj: ;W/BP-06-286-
                                                                            PL-08-458-07;W/BP-06-286-07 ADDITION      0.7494           Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   06/12/07 BP-06-286-0 MISCELLANEOUS       BP-06-286-07;2 STORY ADDITION;2 STORY ADDITION;2 S         Bldg. Rate:         0.8814
                                   03/29/07 SR-03-121-07 SEPTIC             SR-03-121-07;SEPTIC REVIEW ;2 STORY ADDITION Sq. Foot Cost:                  $ 141.02
                                                                                                                  BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                          ID        Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                          OPF     OPEN PORCH                152     0.25      38
                                                                                                          CTH     CATHEDRAL                 224     0.10      22
                                                                                                          FFF     FST FLR FIN              3397     1.00   3397
                                                                                                          BMU     BSMNT                     664     0.15    100
                                                                                                          UFF     UPPER FLR FIN             728     1.00    728
                                                                                                          EPF     ENCLOSED                   75     0.70      53
                                                                                                          SLB     SLAB                     1492     0.00       0
                                                                                                          VLT     VAULTED                   404     0.05      20
                                                                                                          CRL     CRAWL SPACE               588     0.05      29
                                                                                                          DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE              16     0.10       2
                                                                                                          EPU     COVERED BSMNT             108     0.35      38
                                                                                                          ATF     ATTIC FINISHED            720     0.25    180
                                                                                                          ENT     ENTRY WAY                  12     0.10       1
                                                                                                          BMG     BASEMENT                  653     0.20    131
                                                                                                          GLA:     4,305                  9,233           4,739




                                                                                                              2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                               Market Cost New:           $ 668,294
                                                                                                                      Year Built:              1890
                                                                                                              Condition For Age: AVERAGE      35 %
                                                                                                                        Physical:
                                                                                                                     Functional:
                                                                                                                      Economic:
                                                                                                                     Temporary:   CNOTES      10 %
                                                                                                              Total Depreciation:             45 %

                                                                                                                 Building Value:                     $ 367,600
                                                                PAGE 309
Map: 000411         Lot: 000162        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1           38 GENERAL KNOX ROAD                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                             PICTURE
MACFARLAND, GAVIN                           Date       Book   Page    Type        Price Grantor
                                            08/15/2025 9880   502     QI        541,000 BURNHAM, DEAN R
RICARD, TAYLOR
                                            08/24/2018 9103   0815   U I 15     329,900 ZEKE KETOLA
38 GENERAL KNOX ROAD                        02/05/2018 9048   0834   U V 81      45,000 DRUKE, CHARLES E ESTATE
                                            06/17/2016 8866   1708   U V 38           1 DRUKE TRUST, CHARLES E
WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                               NOTES
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        WHT; 10/25; ALL INFO FROM HO (MR) DNVI; WELL MAINT; NC; 12/25; NOH;
12/17/25 RWVM V-SALE                        EXT COND=GD; GD EXT MAINT; NC NOTED;
10/22/25 DMVM
05/07/21 DMVM
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
03/02/20 DMPM
02/12/19 DMPM
04/18/18 DMVM

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate   Cond     Market Value Notes
POOL-ABOVE GROUND                   567     27 x 21          88   11.00 100            5,489 ROUND                 WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
                                                                                       5,500

                                                                                                                         PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                  Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                  2024      $ 237,100     $ 3,000      $ 102,600
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 342,700
                                                                                                                  2025      $ 237,100     $ 3,000      $ 102,600
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 342,700
                                                                                                                  2026      $ 366,600     $ 5,500      $ 170,200
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 542,300


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                             LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                   Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography            Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    100 100 95 -- MILD             100     166,800  0 N      166,800
1F RES                      0.950 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  90 -- ROLLING          100       3,400  0 N        3,400
                            2.880 ac                                                                   170,200            170,200




                                                                            PAGE 310
Map: 000411   Lot: 000162   Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1           38 GENERAL KNOX ROAD                        WEARE               Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                              OWNER                        TAXABLE DISTRICTS                        BUILDING DETAILS
                                   MACFARLAND, GAVIN                          District       Percentage
                                                                                                      Model: 2.00 STORY COLONIAL
                                   RICARD, TAYLOR                                                       Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   38 GENERAL KNOX ROAD                                                  Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                          Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                     Floor: LAMINATE/VINYL/CARPET
                                       Account Number: 1,285                                            Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                                 PERMITS                           Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures: 8
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type       Notes                                Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   04/16/19 SW-04-191-1 SWIMMING POOL     ABV GND POOL 27' DIA          A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators:
                                   02/28/18 BP-02-63-18 SINGLE FAMILY HOM SFH (2) STRY 3 BDRM W/GARAGE  UNDER
                                                                                                     Quality:  A2 AVG+20
                                                                                                   Com. Wall:
                                                                                                    Size Adj: 1.0287               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                  Bldg. Rate:         1.2218
                                                                                                                               Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 195.50
                                                                                                            BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                          ID       Description        Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                          BMU    BSMNT                   390     0.15      59
                                                                                                          BMG    BASEMENT                494     0.20      99
                                                                                                          DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE           144     0.10      14
                                                                                                          OPF    OPEN PORCH              136     0.25      34
                                                                                                          UFF    UPPER FLR FIN           884     1.00    884
                                                                                                          FFF    FST FLR FIN             884     1.00    884
                                                                                                          GLA:    1,768                2,932           1,974




                                                                                                              2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                               Market Cost New:           $ 385,917
                                                                                                                      Year Built:              2017
                                                                                                              Condition For Age:  GOOD          5%
                                                                                                                        Physical:
                                                                                                                     Functional:
                                                                                                                      Economic:
                                                                                                                     Temporary:
                                                                                                              Total Depreciation:               5%

                                                                                                                 Building Value:                  $ 366,600
                                                                 PAGE 311
Map: 000411        Lot: 000173        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1          624 SOUTH STARK HIGHWAY                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                             SALES HISTORY                                                 PICTURE
TIFFANY III, HENRY D                       Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                           06/03/2026 9958 509    U I 99           1 TIFFANY III, HENRY D
                                           06/03/2026 9958 507    U I 38           1 TIFFANY, EDWIN F
207 TIFFANY HILL ROAD                      04/22/2026 9946 969    QI         230,000 EATON, JOHN E
                                           10/08/2015 8797 2098   U I 39           1 EATON, ELIZABETH S
WEARE, NH 03281                            11/08/2002 6757 1819   U I 21     275,000 PAYE/ THIBEDEAU
            LISTING HISTORY                                              NOTES
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION       GRY; FP NEEDS LINER, CPT W/STO ON 2ND FLR; SALE W/LOT 174; 3/11 DNVI
11/17/25 DMVM                              OF HSU (BLOCKED UP) DRY&WET BSMT; NEW FURN IN 2007 & SUMP
03/06/23 DMPR                              PUMP; COULD ONLY VER FRNT MEAS PER FENCE/DEBRIS; 3/23; NOH;
05/05/21 SLVM                              ADDED NEW OUTDOOR FURN 2022; 11/25; ALL INFO FROM HO DNVI; EST
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION       BACK DUE TO FENCE; OPF CEILING IN PR COND; EXT=AVG; BARN ROOF
01/07/16 DMVM                              CAVED IN; EXT SID NDS PAINT; DEF MAINT; 4-SALE;
11/17/15  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
03/25/11 DMVL

                                        EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                          MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                      Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
BARN-1STRY/LOFT/BSMT              3,330    90 x 37          65    33.00    0              0 ATT TO BARN             WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
BARN-1STRY/LOFT/BSMT              1,200    40 x 30          73    33.00   25          7,227 ATT TO BARN
CARPORT WOOD                        260    20 x 13         122    15.00 100           4,758 ATT TO HSE
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                     1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500 PELLET STOVE INSERT           PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
SHED-WOOD                            72     12 x 6         282    17.00   40          1,381 WD FRAME/PLASTIC WLS
                                                                                                                   Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                     18,900                        2024      $ 186,700    $ 24,700      $ 106,600
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 318,000
                                                                                                                   2025      $ 186,700    $ 24,700      $ 106,600
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 318,000
                                                                                                                   2026       $ 54,800    $ 18,900      $ 144,500
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 218,200


                                                LAND VALUATION                                                              LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: COMMERCIAL    Minimum Acreage: 2.00 Minimum Frontage: 200                                               Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type                  Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography            Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                     2.000 ac    160,000 E   100   100    100 95  95 -- MILD             100     144,400     0 N    144,400
1F RES                     0.020 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  95 -- MILD             100         100     0 N        100
                           2.020 ac                                                                   144,500              144,500




                                                                          PAGE 312
Map: 000411   Lot: 000173   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1        624 SOUTH STARK HIGHWAY                         WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   TIFFANY III, HENRY D                    District        Percentage     Model: 2.50 STORY CONVENTION
                                                                                                            Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   207 TIFFANY HILL ROAD                                                     Ext: CLAP BOARD
                                                                                                              Int: PLASTERED/DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                         Floor: HARDWOOD/PINE/SOFT WD
                                      Account Number:   3,582                                               Heat: WOOD/COAL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                                Bedrooms: 5          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type         Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   05/20/26 DM05-204-2 DEMOLITION           DISMANTEL BARN                   A/C: No                        Generators:
                                   10/27/22 EL10-552-22 ELECTRICAL          120V 20AMP CIRCUIT- WOODBOILER
                                                                                                         Quality: A2 AVG+20
                                   10/20/22 MP10-534-22 MECHANICAL          245,000BTU WOODBOILER Com. Wall:
                                   03/27/03 BP-03-96-03 MISCELLANEOUS       BP-03-96-03;INSTALL STALLS FOR HORSES;STALLS;INSTA
                                   03/08/02 BP-03-92-02 MISCELLANEOUS                                   SizeROOM/RUMPUS
                                                                            BP-03-92-02;FINISH ATTIC;MEDIA   Adj: 0.8320       ROOM;F  Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                      Bldg. Rate:         0.9297
                                                                                                                                   Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 148.75
                                                                                                                BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                          ID       Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                          OPF    OPEN PORCH                510     0.25    128
                                                                                                          HSF    1/2 STRY FIN              940     0.50    470
                                                                                                          CRL    CRAWL SPACE               400     0.05      20
                                                                                                          FFF    FST FLR FIN              1654     1.00   1654
                                                                                                          BMU    BSMNT                    1308     0.15    196
                                                                                                          HSU    1/2 STRY UNFIN            768     0.15    115
                                                                                                          UFF    UPPER FLR FIN             768     1.00    768
                                                                                                          GLA:    2,892                  6,348           3,351




                                                                                                              2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                               Market Cost New:           $ 498,461
                                                                                                                      Year Built:              1750
                                                                                                              Condition For Age:  FAIR        59 %
                                                                                                                        Physical:
                                                                                                                     Functional:
                                                                                                                      Economic:
                                                                                                                     Temporary: EXT/DEFM      30 %
                                                                                                              Total Depreciation:             89 %

                                                                                                                 Building Value:                      $ 54,800
                                                                PAGE 313
Map: 000411        Lot: 000174          Sub: 000000          Card: 1 of 1          SOUTH STARK HIGHWAY                         WEARE             Printed:    08/11/2026
          OWNER INFORMATION                                             SALES HISTORY                                                     PICTURE
PINE TREE PARK, LLC                           Date       Book Page Type         Price Grantor
                                              05/05/2025 9852 2878 Q V        175,000 EATON, JOHN E
                                              10/08/2015 8797 2098 U V 39           1 EATON, ELIZABETH S
207 TIFFANY HILL ROAD                         11/08/2002 6757 1819 U V 21     275,000 PAYE/THIBEDEAU
                                              03/14/2001 6371  17 U V C       220,000 WOOD, BARRY/KAREN
WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                    NOTES
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION          LLA 7/23/92; CU BK 5267 PG 1835/1991; SUBDIVIDED 3/96; LLA W/411-174.2
11/19/25 DMVL V-SALE                          9/00; SOLD WITH 411-110 & 173; SALE WITH LOT 173; 1/16 VAC; NC; 11/25;
05/06/21 SLVL                                 VAC;
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
01/07/16 DMVL
11/17/15  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
08/15/06 CMHN
06/29/06 LMRL

                                            EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                          MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                          Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate Cond      Market Value Notes
                                                                                                                        WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE

                                                                                                                              PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                       Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                       2024              $0          $0       $ 63,772
                                                                                                                                                Parcel Total: $ 63,772
                                                                                                                       2025              $0          $0       $ 63,774
                                                                                                                                                Parcel Total: $ 63,774
                                                                                                                       2026              $0          $0     $ 132,265
                                                                                                                                              Parcel Total: $ 132,265


                                                LAND VALUATION                                                               LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: COMMERCIAL    Minimum Acreage: 2.00 Minimum Frontage: 200                                   Site: UNDEVELOPED CLEARED Driveway: UNDEVELOPED Road: PAVED
Land Type                  Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
COM/IND                    0.560 ac    142,400 E   100    85    100 90  95 -- MILD                 125      129,400   0 N  129,400 USE/WET
FARM LAND                  2.890 ac     x 4,000 X   95                  95 -- MILD                 100       10,400 100 N    1,511
UNMNGD PINE                8.800 ac     x 4,000 X   95                  90 -- ROLLING              100       30,100 90 Y     1,354
                          12.250 ac                                                                        169,900             132,265




                                                                              PAGE 314
Map: 000411   Lot: 000174   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1            SOUTH STARK HIGHWAY                   WEARE                   Printed:   08/11/2026
              PICTURE                             OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                       BUILDING DETAILS
                                   PINE TREE PARK, LLC                     District    Percentage      Model:
                                                                                                        Roof:
                                   207 TIFFANY HILL ROAD                                                  Ext:
                                                                                                          Int:
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                      Floor:
                                      Account Number:   3,581                                            Heat:
                                                                PERMITS                             Bedrooms:              Baths:         Fixtures:
                                    Date   Permit ID    Permit Type         Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:       Fireplaces:
                                                                                                          A/C:                          Generators:
                                                                                                      Quality:
                                                                                                    Com. Wall:
                                                                                                       Stories:

                                                                                                                            Base Type:
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS




                                                                                                       2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION

                                                                                                               Year Built:
                                                                                                       Condition For Age:
                                                                                                                 Physical:
                                                                                                              Functional:
                                                                                                               Economic:
                                                                                                              Temporary:




                                                                PAGE 315
Map: 000411         Lot: 000185        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1          91 BARNARD HILL ROAD                      WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                              SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
GARRON, STEVEN                              Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            04/18/2025 9849  1     QI         430,000 MARCOTTE, TRAVIS
GARRON, LAUREN
                                            04/03/2018 9061 1119   QI         237,866 MONTPLAISIR, MARYELLEN
91 BARNARD HILL ROAD                        02/12/2007 7807 260    U I 39             MONTPLAISIR, MARC
                                            11/29/2000 6322 477    U I 38             MONTPLAISIR, MARC
WEARE, NH 03281                             07/08/1999 6128 1361   U I 99             LAURENDEAU TRUST
            LISTING HISTORY                                                  NOTES
02/03/26 DMPR                               GRY; CB FNDTN; BMF REC ROOM=BELOW AVG QUALITY; BMU UTILITY
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        RM; NEW ROOF 07; 4 BRS VS 3 AND 1.5 BATHS; PU PAT; 3/18 CORR ZONE
12/01/25 DMVM V-SALE                        PER TOWN; 5/21; NOH; PU (2) SHEDS & LNTO; CHNGD SHED TO CABIN DUE
05/12/21 DMVM                               TO HEAT & FIN INT; 12/25; ALL INFO FROM HO (MRS) DNVI; NOTHING INCL
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        IN SALE; NEW SEPTIC, WINDS (VINYL) & SIDING IN 2025; 2/26; NC; SOME
12/21/15 DMVM                               DATED/WORN CARPETS & BMF;
11/17/15  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
09/20/11 LMHC

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
CABIN                               576     24 x 24          88   82.00   45         18,704 CONV FROM GARAGE       WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
PATIO                                96      8 x 12         227    7.00   30            458 SLB/ATT TO CABIN
SHED-WOOD                           200     20 x 10         140   17.00   70          3,332
LEAN-TO                             100      5 x 20         220    4.00 100             880 ATT TO 20X10                 PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                     23,400                       Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                  2024      $ 198,800     $ 9,800      $ 117,200
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 325,800
                                                                                                                  2025      $ 198,800     $ 9,800      $ 117,200
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 325,800
                                                                                                                  2026      $ 295,900    $ 23,400      $ 158,700
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 478,000


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                             LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                              Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography           Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    100 95  95 -- MILD            100     158,400     0 N    158,400
1F RES                      0.070 ac     x 4,000 X  100                                        100         300     0 N        300
                            2.000 ac                                                                  158,700             158,700




                                                                          PAGE 316
Map: 000411   Lot: 000185   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1            91 BARNARD HILL ROAD                   WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                       BUILDING DETAILS
                                   GARRON, STEVEN                          District     Percentage      Model: 1.00 STORY R. RANCH
                                   GARRON, LAUREN                                                         Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   91 BARNARD HILL ROAD                                                    Ext: CEDAR/REDWD/VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                            Int: DRYWALL/WOOD/LOGS
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                       Floor: CARPET/HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:   2,424                                             Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                              Bedrooms: 4          Baths: 1.5         Fixtures: 5
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type         Notes                                Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   05/22/25 SE05-22-25 SEPTIC               ECA2025042417                 A/C: No                         Generators:
                                   03/25/09 MC-03-98-09 MECHANICAL          WALL HTR, GAS PIPING       Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                                                                                     Com. Wall:
                                                                                                      Size Adj: 0.9772               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                    Bldg. Rate:         1.0857
                                                                                                                                 Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 173.71
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                     ID       Description           Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                     FFF    FST FLR FIN               1408     1.00   1408
                                                                                                     RBF    RAISED BSMNT               870     0.75    653
                                                                                                     BMG    BASEMENT                   522     0.20    104
                                                                                                     DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE              472     0.10      47
                                                                                                     GLA:    1,408                   3,272           2,212




                                                                                                        2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                         Market Cost New:           $ 384,247
                                                                                                                Year Built:              1965
                                                                                                        Condition For Age:   GOOD       18 %
                                                                                                                  Physical:
                                                                                                               Functional:
                                                                                                                Economic:
                                                                                                               Temporary:   C-NOTES       5%
                                                                                                        Total Depreciation:             23 %

                                                                                                            Building Value:                      $ 295,900
                                                                PAGE 317
Map: 000411        Lot: 000194        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1                 21 B AND B LANE                     WEARE             Printed:   08/11/2026
            OWNER INFORMATION                                            SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
21 B&B LANE, LLC                           Date       Book   Page   Type          Price Grantor
                                           10/01/2025 9893   2320   QI        1,100,000 HMI ACQUISITION LLC
                                           02/27/2019 9148   2903   QI          707,266 21 B&B LANE LLC
89 MCCURDY ROAD                            09/03/2009 8131   2222   U I 51      260,000 BOISVERT, DONALD C & L
PO BOX 59                                  01/30/2007 7801   1726   U I 38              BOISVERT, LINDA
NEW BOSTON, NH 03070                       06/01/1988 4825   222    QI          276,757 BOLTON, C
            LISTING HISTORY                                               NOTES
04/30/26 DMPL                              BLU; 3 BAY DOORS; INT GOOD; FFF=WAITING ROOM; 2 BTHS=1 FULL + 2
02/11/26 DMVM V-SALE                       HALF BTHS=AVG 4 USE; "STARK TRUCK & AUTO/HAYNES MULCH" IN
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION       BACK OF BUILD & SMALL SECTION IN FRONT IS PAVED; BACK UP HEAT IS
10/02/25 DMVM                              GAS; F/A DUCTED; EFF 04/17 ACREAGE ADJ PER LLA PLAN 39122; 3/20;
05/06/21 SLVM                              ADDTN IS 100% COMPL; DNPU LOAD SCAN MEAS YD OF MULCH; 10/25;
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION       EMPLOYEE WANTS OWNER AROUND; PU FUEL TANK & STO CONT; 4/26;
03/03/20 DMPL                              ADDED SIGN TO BLDG-NVC;
02/21/19 DMPL

                                        EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                      Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond    Market Value Notes
SHED-METAL                          320     8 x 40         110    5.00   25             440 STO CONTAINER           WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
PAVING                           12,000   1 x 12000         61    3.25   60          14,274 EST/SHAPE/MULCH
SHED-METAL                          320     8 x 40         110    5.00   25             440 STO CONT
TANKS FUEL/WATER                 10,000                     62    8.00   40          19,840 EST                          PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
SHED-METAL                          160     8 x 20         160    5.00   25             320 STO CONT
                                                                                                                  Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                      35,300                      2024      $ 311,300    $ 16,000     $ 184,855
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 512,155
                                                                                                                  2025      $ 311,300    $ 16,000     $ 184,822
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 512,122
                                                                                                                  2026      $ 712,900    $ 35,300     $ 273,713
                                                                                                                                      Parcel Total: $ 1,021,913


                                                LAND VALUATION                                                               LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: INDUSTRIAL   Minimum Acreage: 2.00 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                      Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                  Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography             Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
COM/IND                    2.000 ac    160,000 E   100   100   100  100 100 -- LEVEL            125     200,000   0 N      200,000 USE/LOC
COM/IND                   21.601 ac     x 4,000 X   84                  100 -- LEVEL            100      72,600   0 N       72,600 +20 FROM LOT 198
UNMNGD OTHER              18.770 ac     x 4,000 X   84                  95 -- MILD              100      59,900 100 N          976 FROM LOT 198
UNPRODUCTIVE               6.542 ac     x 4,000 X   84                  95 -- MILD              100      20,900 100 N          137 FROM LOT 198
                          48.913 ac                                                                     353,400           273,713




                                                                           PAGE 318
Map: 000411   Lot: 000194   Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1                  21 B AND B LANE                          WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                              OWNER                         TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   21 B&B LANE, LLC                            District        Percentage    Model: 1.00 STORY GARAGE/WHS
                                                                                                               Roof: GABLE OR HIP/PREFAB METALS
                                   89 MCCURDY ROAD                                                              Ext: PREFIN METAL
                                   PO BOX 59                                                                     Int: AVERAGE FOR USE
                                   NEW BOSTON, NH 03070                                                       Floor: CONCRETE
                                       Account Number: 734                                                     Heat: OIL/FA NO DUCTS
                                                                  PERMITS                                 Bedrooms:            Baths: AVERAGE
                                    Date    Permit ID     Permit Type           Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   01/16/26 SG01-33-26    SIGN                  50X140 FT OF BLDG              A/C: No                         Generators:
                                   06/04/21 SG-06-206-2   SIGN                  SIGN 42 SQ. FT ON BLDG EXTERIO
                                                                                                            Quality: A0 AVG
                                   07/18/18 BP-07-366-1   ADDITION              30X60 METAL FRAME & EXTERIOR
                                                                                                          Com. Wall: STEEL, 24 FT.                           1.3772
                                                                                                           Size Adj: 0.9133               Base Rate: IWH 82.00
                                                                                                                                         Bldg. Rate:         0.8311
                                                                                                                                      Sq. Foot Cost:        $ 93.86
                                                                                                                   BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                             ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                             COF     COM OFFICE               880     1.75   1540
                                                                                                             UFF     UPPER FLR FIN            340     1.00    340
                                                                                                             FFF     FST FLR FIN             6920     1.00   6920
                                                                                                             SLB     SLAB                    7800     0.00       0
                                                                                                             STO     STORAGE AREA             680     0.20    136
                                                                                                             GLA:     8,140                16,620           8,936




                                                                                                                 2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                                  Market Cost New:           $ 838,733
                                                                                                                         Year Built:              1986
                                                                                                                 Condition For Age:  GOOD        15 %
                                                                                                                           Physical:
                                                                                                                        Functional:
                                                                                                                         Economic:
                                                                                                                        Temporary:
                                                                                                                 Total Depreciation:             15 %

                                                                                                                     Building Value:                   $ 712,900
                                                                  PAGE 319
Map: 000411      Lot: 000206        Sub: 000003        Card: 1 of 1                 77 GOULD ROAD                       WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                             SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
BURGLUND, DAVID & SHEILA                 Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                         12/19/2025 9916   2567   QI         685,000 TSEPAS, LINDSAY
CHARBONNEAU, TAYLOR J JTROS
                                         06/05/2025 9860   2396   U I 39           1 TSEPAS, NICHOLAS
77 GOULD ROAD                            04/12/2024 9767   1409   QI         630,000 HOLLAND FAMILY TRUST
                                         10/23/2023 9736   921    U I 38           1 HOLLAND, ANDREW &
WEARE, NH 03281                          09/14/2022 9651   1244   QI         540,000 LALIBERTE, PAUL E
            LISTING HISTORY                                           NOTES
02/10/26 DMVM                            GRY; SUBDIVIDED FROM 411-206.1, APPROVED 5/24/01; 4 BR SEPTIC
02/03/26 DMPR                            SYSTEM; ZONE CHANGED TO RA 3/11/03; NEW SEPTIC; 10/25; REMODELED
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION     KIT & BTHS, QUARTZ/WD CABS; MOVIE THEATER IN 28X22 BMF; 2/26; NC;
10/03/25 DMVL V-SALE                     2/26; NEW FURN 2025;
03/01/24 KOPR
04/19/23 DMPR
05/13/21 SLVM
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                      EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                    Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate   Cond    Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                        192     16 x 12         143   17.00 100           4,668                         WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SOLAR ELECT PANEL                 25                     100  400.00 100          10,000 ROOF/2023
                                                                                    14,700
                                                                                                                       PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                2024      $ 313,600    $ 12,700      $ 113,400
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 439,700
                                                                                                                2025      $ 313,600    $ 12,700      $ 113,400
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 439,700
                                                                                                                2026      $ 476,100    $ 14,700      $ 170,000
                                                                                                                                      Parcel Total: $ 660,800


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                             Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography               Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  2.660 ac    162,640 F  110   100  100     100 95 -- MILD              100     170,000  0 N      170,000
                         2.660 ac                                                                    170,000            170,000




                                                                         PAGE 320
Map: 000411   Lot: 000206   Sub: 000003       Card: 1 of 1              77 GOULD ROAD                           WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                     TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   BURGLUND, DAVID & SHEILA              District        Percentage     Model: 2.00 STORY GARRISON
                                   CHARBONNEAU, TAYLOR J JTROS                                            Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   77 GOULD ROAD                                                           Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                            Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                       Floor: HARDWOOD/LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number:                                                     Heat: OIL/FA DUCTED
                                                             PERMITS                                 Bedrooms: 4          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures: 10
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type      Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   12/10/25 MP12-641-25 MECHANICAL        110BTU FURNACE                  A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators:
                                   03/15/23 BP03-132-23 SOLAR ARRAY       25 ROOF MTD SOLAR PNLS        Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                   02/28/23 EL03-133-23 ELECTRICAL        ELEC FOR SOLAR PNLS       Com. Wall:
                                   07/05/12 SE-07-327-12 SEPTIC           SE-07-327-12;SEPTIC INSTALLATION NEW DESIGN CA201
                                   06/20/12 SR-06-303-12 SEPTIC           SR-06-303-12;SEPTIC REVIEW Size Adj: 0.8179                Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   07/27/10 SE-07-417-10 SEPTIC           SE-07-417-10;REPLACEMENT SEPTIC IN-KIND;SEPTIC "RE        Bldg. Rate:         0.9170
                                   07/06/10 BP-07-379-1 MISCELLANEOUS     BP-07-379-10;FINISH PARTIAL IN BASEMENT;RENEWAL        Sq. O
                                                                                                                                     Foot Cost:       $ 146.71
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                        ID       Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                        DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE             336     0.10      34
                                                                                                        UFF    UPPER FLR FIN             952     1.00    952
                                                                                                        FFF    FST FLR FIN              1500     1.00   1500
                                                                                                        BMF    BSMNT FINISHED           1136     0.30    341
                                                                                                        ENT    ENTRY WAY                  16     0.10       2
                                                                                                        TQF    3/4 STRY FIN              484     0.75    363
                                                                                                        GAR    GARAGE                    484     0.45    218
                                                                                                        CTH    CATHEDRAL                 616     0.10      62
                                                                                                        BMU    BSMNT                     364     0.15      55
                                                                                                        GLA:    2,815                  5,888           3,527




                                                                                                            2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                             Market Cost New:            $ 517,446
                                                                                                                    Year Built:               2001
                                                                                                            Condition For Age: VERY GOOD       8%
                                                                                                                      Physical:
                                                                                                                   Functional:
                                                                                                                    Economic:
                                                                                                                   Temporary:
                                                                                                            Total Depreciation:                8%

                                                                                                               Building Value:                    $ 476,100
                                                             PAGE 321
Map: 000411       Lot: 000213        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 2          132 DUSTIN TAVERN ROAD                    WEARE             Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                              SALES HISTORY                                             PICTURE
YPYA, ANDREW R                            Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                          03/24/2026 9938   1265   QI         700,000 GOULET, TERRI
YPYA, CHELSEA M
                                          03/12/2021 9438   2018   U I 38           1 GOULET, TERRI,WILCOX,
132 DUSTIN TAVERN ROAD                    07/22/2019 9190   0537   QI         421,666 BOUDREAU FAMILY
                                          07/10/2017 8985   2229   U I 38           1 BOUDREAU, FRANK M &
WEARE, NH 03281                           03/30/2012 8411   1911   U I 37     250,000 BANK OF NEW YORK
            LISTING HISTORY                                            NOTES
06/30/26 DMVM V-SALE                      GRY; EFF 04/17 ZONE CORRECTED PER INFO OF TOWN; EXT=GD; 9/25; NOH;
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION      PU ENLARGED PAT; COND DOWN SHED; VINYL WINDS; EST NEWER ROOF;
09/19/25 DMVM                             DNPU POOL AG=NV; DNPU PLASTIC SHED OR HOT TUB ON PAT; 6/26 INT
05/10/21 DMVM                             LARGELY ORIGINAL, CARPETS UP WORN, DET GAR BUILDING IN FAIR
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION      CONDITION FOR AGE, DEFERRED MAINTENANCE; INFO FROM
12/04/15 DMVM                             FATHER-IN-LAW, VU'D IN-LAW APT ONLY; NC TO EXT;
11/17/15  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
06/25/08 KMVX

                                       EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                     Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                    1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500                       WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                         160     1 x 160         160    17.00   40          1,741 8X8/8X12
LEAN-TO                            32       4x8           400     4.00   50            256 ATT TO SHED
                                                                                     7,500                             PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                2024      $ 456,200     $ 5,000      $ 130,500
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 591,700
                                                                                                                2025      $ 456,200     $ 5,000      $ 130,500
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 591,700
                                                                                                                2026      $ 444,300     $ 7,500      $ 161,000 (c)
                                                                                                                                      Parcel Total: $ 742,800
                                                                                                                              (Card Total: $ 612,800)
                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                             Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography               Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
2F RES                  2.250 ac    161,000 E  100   100  100     100 100 -- LEVEL            100     161,000  0 N      161,000
                          2.250 ac                                                                   161,000            161,000




                                                                          PAGE 322
Map: 000411   Lot: 000213   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 2          132 DUSTIN TAVERN ROAD                  WEARE                  Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                     BUILDING DETAILS
                                   YPYA, ANDREW R                          District    Percentage      Model: 1.75 STORY CAPE
                                   YPYA, CHELSEA M                                                       Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   132 DUSTIN TAVERN ROAD                                                 Ext: CLAP BOARD
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                      Floor: HARDWOOD/LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number:   1,505                                            Heat: GAS/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                             Bedrooms: 4          Baths: 3.5        Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type        Notes                               Extra Kitchens: 1        Fireplaces:
                                   04/19/12 MC-04-176-1 MECHANICAL          500 GAL LPG TANK             A/C: Yes 100.00 %              Generators:
                                   04/17/12 PL-04-165-12 PLUMBING           PLUMBING ADD SHOWER       Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                   09/15/03 BP-09-571-0 SHED                SHED 12X16              Com. Wall:
                                   10/25/00 BP-10-658-0 3 SEASON ROOM       3-SEASON PORCH
                                   07/27/99 BP-07-345-9 SHED                SHED                     Size Adj: 0.8040              Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                  Bldg. Rate:         0.9100
                                                                                                                               Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 145.61
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                    ID       Description           Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                    DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE               56     0.10       6
                                                                                                    HSF    1/2 STRY FIN               704     0.50    352
                                                                                                    GAR    GARAGE                     704     0.45    317
                                                                                                    FFF    FST FLR FIN               1843     1.00   1843
                                                                                                    SLB    SLAB                       247     0.00       0
                                                                                                    ATF    ATTIC FINISHED             504     0.25    126
                                                                                                    BMU    BSMNT                     1332     0.15    200
                                                                                                    TQF    3/4 STRY FIN              1068     0.75    801
                                                                                                    CRL    CRAWL SPACE                264     0.05      13
                                                                                                    PAT    PATIO                     1254     0.05      63
                                                                                                    GLA:    3,122                   7,976           3,721




                                                                                                       2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                        Market Cost New:           $ 541,815
                                                                                                               Year Built:              1985
                                                                                                       Condition For Age: AVERAGE      18 %
                                                                                                                 Physical:
                                                                                                              Functional:
                                                                                                               Economic:
                                                                                                              Temporary:
                                                                                                       Total Depreciation:             18 %

                                                                                                           Building Value:                     $ 444,300
                                                                PAGE 323
Map: 000411       Lot: 000213          Sub: 000000       Card: 2 of 2        124 DUSTIN TAVERN ROAD                     WEARE             Printed:    08/11/2026
          OWNER INFORMATION                                          SALES HISTORY                                                PICTURE
YPYA, ANDREW R                               Date    Book Page    Type       Price Grantor
YPYA, CHELSEA M
132 DUSTIN TAVERN ROAD


WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                              NOTES
06/30/26 DMVM V-SALE                        6/08 WAS SHOP, NOW SEEMS TO BE OCCUPIED; ALL MEAS EST FROM
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        STREET; 5/21; BDRMS LACKS CLOSETS; 6/26 NEW LIGHTING IN GAR & HSF
09/19/25 DMVM                               & UPDATED ELECT;
05/10/21 DMVM
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
12/04/15 DMVM
11/17/15  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION


                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                      MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate Cond   Market Value Notes
                                                                                                                  WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE

                                                                                                                       PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                2026      $ 130,000          $0            $ 0 (c)
                                                                                                                                      Parcel Total: $ 742,800




                                                                                                                           (Card Total: $ 130,000)
                                             LAND VALUATION                                                              LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL    Minimum Acreage:   Minimum Frontage:                                   Site:           Driveway:                Road:                .


Land Type 2F RES                  Neighborhood:                                              Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes

                                0 ac




                                                                         PAGE 324
Map: 000411   Lot: 000213   Sub: 000000       Card: 2 of 2            124 DUSTIN TAVERN ROAD                WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                             OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                      BUILDING DETAILS
                                   YPYA, ANDREW R                          District    Percentage      Model: 1.50 STORY CAPE
                                   YPYA, CHELSEA M                                                       Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   132 DUSTIN TAVERN ROAD                                                 Ext: CLAP BOARD
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                      Floor: CARPET/CONCRETE
                                      Account Number:   1,505                                            Heat: GAS/FA NO DUCTS
                                                                PERMITS                             Bedrooms: 2          Baths: 1.0         Fixtures: 3
                                    Date   Permit ID    Permit Type         Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                                                                                         A/C: No                         Generators:
                                                                                                      Quality: B1 AVG-10
                                                                                                    Com. Wall:
                                                                                                     Size Adj: 1.4474               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                   Bldg. Rate:         1.1349
                                                                                                                                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 181.58
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                    ID       Description           Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                    OPF    OPEN PORCH                 156     0.25      39
                                                                                                    HSF    1/2 STRY FIN              1040     0.50    520
                                                                                                    FFU    FST FLR UNFIN              520     0.50    260
                                                                                                    SLB    SLAB                       520     0.00       0
                                                                                                    GAR    GARAGE                     520     0.45    234
                                                                                                    GLA:    520                     2,756           1,053




                                                                                                       2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                        Market Cost New:           $ 191,204
                                                                                                               Year Built:              1985
                                                                                                       Condition For Age:  FAIR        22 %
                                                                                                                 Physical:
                                                                                                              Functional:  LOD         10 %
                                                                                                               Economic:
                                                                                                              Temporary:
                                                                                                       Total Depreciation:             32 %

                                                                                                           Building Value:                      $ 130,000
                                                                PAGE 325
Map: 000411       Lot: 000231        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1         221 DUSTIN TAVERN ROAD                       WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                            SALES HISTORY                                                 PICTURE
STEMPLE, MARK                             Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                          10/30/2025 9902 745    QI         529,933 DIONNE, JOSEPH HENRY
STEMPLE, SHARON
                                          07/12/2021 9495 2574   QI         337,000 DAY, JERID P
221 DUSTIN TAVERN ROAD                    07/28/2008 8004 2883   U I 38             DAY, JOEL P
                                          07/20/2004 7281 766    QI         117,000 GROFF, C&C
WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                               NOTES
02/11/26 DMVM V-SALE                      TAN; EFF 4/1/14 ACREAGE ADJ PER CALCULATION OF MAPPER/NEW LOT
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION      LINE; FPL=WD STOVE ONLY; FMICA CTOPS W/OAK CABINETS; PAT=STAMP
09/22/25 DMVM                             CONCRETE; RETAINING WALLS AROUND GAR & BACK OF HSE; 1/17
02/13/24 DMPR                             ZONING CORRECTED PER INFO OF TOWN; HAS HEATER=COND; 5/21; ALL
07/29/21 CRHC                             INFO FROM HO MRS DNVI; NC TO EXT; WELL MAINT; 2/24; NOH; PU
05/10/21 DMVM                             AC=MINI SPLITS; 9/25; ALL INFO FROM HO DNVI; NEW ROOF 2025; 2/26; ALL
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION      INFO FROM HO DNVI; NOTHING INCL SALE;
02/21/19 DMPR

                                       EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                          MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                     Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                         280     20 x 14         117   17.00 100           5,569                          WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
GARAGE-1 STY/ATTIC                784     28 x 28          80   55.00 105          36,221 HEATED
PATIO                              64       8x8           310    7.00   60            833 EST/SHAPE
                                                                                   42,600                                PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                  Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                  2024      $ 189,000    $ 25,800       $ 97,000
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 311,800
                                                                                                                  2025      $ 189,000    $ 25,800       $ 97,000
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 311,800
                                                                                                                  2026      $ 338,200    $ 42,600      $ 142,600
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 523,400


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                               LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                            Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography              Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  0.760 ac    150,081 E  100   100  100     100 95 -- MILD             100     142,600  0 N      142,600
                          0.760 ac                                                                    142,600             142,600




                                                                        PAGE 326
Map: 000411   Lot: 000231   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1        221 DUSTIN TAVERN ROAD                       WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                    TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   STEMPLE, MARK                        District        Percentage    Model: 1.00 STORY RANCH
                                   STEMPLE, SHARON                                                     Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   221 DUSTIN TAVERN ROAD                                                Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                          Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                     Floor: CARPET/LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number:   33                                              Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                              PERMITS                              Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures: 6
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type      Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   07/21/23 EL07-355-23 ELECTRICAL       ELEC FOR MINI SPLIT            A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators:
                                   07/19/23 MP07-346-23 MECHANICAL       2-MINI SP. 112K, 16K        Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                   12/27/18 BP-12-719-1 RENEWAL          RENEWAL GARAGE 28'X28' Com. Wall:
                                   12/27/17 BP-12-764-1 RENEWAL          RENEWAL GARAGE 28'X28'
                                   12/28/16 BP-12-800-1 RENEWAL          RENEWAL GARAGE 28X28       Size Adj: 0.9857               Base Rate: RMF 160.00
                                   12/28/16 MC-12-799-1 MECHANICAL       WALL HEATER LPG 58K BTU IN GARAGE                        Bldg. Rate:         1.0951
                                   12/08/16 MC-12-776-1 MECHANICAL       PLACE (2) 120 GAL LPG TANKS                           Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 175.22
                                                                                                            BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                      ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                      BMF     BSMNT FINISHED           266     0.30      80
                                                                                                      BMU     BSMNT                     70     0.15      11
                                                                                                      FFF     FST FLR FIN             1344     1.00   1344
                                                                                                      RBU     RAISED BSMNT             210     0.25      53
                                                                                                      OPF     OPEN PORCH               192     0.25      48
                                                                                                      DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE            140     0.10      14
                                                                                                      PAT     PATIO                    396     0.05      20
                                                                                                      RBF     RAISED BSMNT             798     0.75    599
                                                                                                      GLA:     1,344                 3,416           2,169




                                                                                                          2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                           Market Cost New:           $ 380,052
                                                                                                                  Year Built:              2007
                                                                                                          Condition For Age:  GOOD        11 %
                                                                                                                    Physical:
                                                                                                                 Functional:
                                                                                                                  Economic:
                                                                                                                 Temporary:
                                                                                                          Total Depreciation:             11 %

                                                                                                              Building Value:                   $ 338,200
                                                             PAGE 327
Map: 000411         Lot: 000245        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1              179 OAK HILL ROAD                      WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
          OWNER INFORMATION                                               SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
ROY, CHRISTOPHER J                          Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            02/06/2026 9927   2082   QI         510,000 NH HOME BUYERS LLC
ROY, ASHLEIGH L
                                            08/01/2025 9876   1659   U I 25     321,800 LEWIS, JASON T
50 EDWARD DRIVE                             06/24/2016 8869   0468   QI         207,500 ROLFE, RICHARD & SHARON
UNIT 10                                     09/21/1999 6159   577    QI         132,000 MCKAY, KEVEN/CATHERINE
MANCHESTER, NH 03104
            LISTING HISTORY                                                   NOTES
02/04/26 DMPR                               BLUE; RBF MEAS=EST; SEE 9876 PG 1661 FOR MORTGAGE DEED; 9/25; EXT
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        HAS BEEN PAINTED; RMV BAY WIND; RECK 26 NEW ROOF & SOME WINDS
09/26/25 DMVM V-SALE                        AFTER 4-1-25; 2/26; NOH; 4-SALE (FLIP); NEW KITCH WITH GRANITE, SS
05/14/21 DMVE                               APPL, WHITE SHAKER CABS, NEW LIGHTING, UPDATED FLOORING, SOME
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        CARPET
12/02/15 DMVM
11/17/15  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
04/11/08 KMVM

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond    Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                      1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500                        WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
                                                                                       5,500

                                                                                                                          PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                   Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2024      $ 241,400     $ 4,300      $ 112,200
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 357,900
                                                                                                                   2025      $ 241,400     $ 4,300      $ 112,200
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 357,900
                                                                                                                   2026      $ 362,500     $ 5,500      $ 167,100
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 535,100


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                              LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                    Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography             Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    100 100 95 -- MILD              100     166,800  0 N      166,800
1F RES                      0.070 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  95 -- MILD              100         300  0 N          300
                            2.000 ac                                                                    167,100            167,100




                                                                            PAGE 328
Map: 000411   Lot: 000245   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1          179 OAK HILL ROAD                           WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                    TAXABLE DISTRICTS                            BUILDING DETAILS
                                   ROY, CHRISTOPHER J                   District        Percentage      Model: 1.00 STORY R RANCH
                                   ROY, ASHLEIGH L                                                       Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   50 EDWARD DRIVE                                                         Ext: MASONITE/PREFAB WD PNL
                                   UNIT 10                                                                  Int: DRYWALL
                                   MANCHESTER, NH 03104                                                  Floor: HARDWOOD/LAMINATE/VINYL
                                       Account Number: 824                                                Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                             PERMITS                                 Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 4.0         Fixtures: 10
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type     Notes                                   Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   01/14/15 MC-01-10-15 MECHANICAL       SWAP OUT (2) LPG TANKS 120 GALA/C:      Yes 100.00 %
                                                                                                           MC-01-10-15                    Generators:
                                   03/02/05 BP-03-75-05 MISCELLANEOUS    BP-03-75-05;FINISH BASEMENT;FINISH
                                                                                                       Quality: BASEMENT.
                                                                                                                 A0 AVG        NO F
                                   03/02/05 EL-03-76-05 ELECTRICAL       EL-03-76-05;REFER TO BP-03-75-05, FINISHED BSMT EX
                                                                                                    Com. Wall:
                                   03/02/05 PL-03-77-05 PLUMBING         PL-03-77-05;REFER TO BP-03-75-05, FINISHED BSMT EX
                                   08/02/01 EL-08-475-01 ELECTRICAL                                   Size Adj:
                                                                         EL-08-475-01;ELECTRICAL PERMIT           0.8646
                                                                                                           FOR BP-04-116-01;FI       Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   04/16/01 PL-04-162-01 PLUMBING        PL-04-162-01;PLUMBING PERMIT;FINISHED BASEMENT             Bldg. Rate:         0.8473
                                   04/04/01 BP-04-116-0 NEW BUILDING     BP-04-116-01;CONVERT BREEZEWAY;NEW COMMERCIAL/IND       Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 135.57
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                       ID        Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                       DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE             268     0.10      27
                                                                                                       FFF     FST FLR FIN              1584     1.00   1584
                                                                                                       RBU     RAISED BSMNT              144     0.25      36
                                                                                                       RBF     RAISED BSMNT             1440     0.75   1080
                                                                                                       OPF     OPEN PORCH                 72     0.25      18
                                                                                                       GAR     GARAGE                    576     0.45    259
                                                                                                       GLA:     1,584                  4,084           3,004




                                                                                                           2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                            Market Cost New:            $ 407,252
                                                                                                                   Year Built:               1983
                                                                                                           Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     11 %
                                                                                                                     Physical:
                                                                                                                  Functional:
                                                                                                                   Economic:
                                                                                                                  Temporary:
                                                                                                           Total Depreciation:              11 %

                                                                                                              Building Value:                     $ 362,500
                                                             PAGE 329
Map: 000411         Lot: 000261        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1              124 OAK HILL ROAD                    WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                            PICTURE
MUKAI II, GEORGE                            Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            06/19/2025 9864   1268   QI         520,000 PLOURDE JR, DANIEL
                                            11/29/2022 9669   1215   QI         425,000 PAGE, KATHY A
124 OAK HILL ROAD                           01/26/2007 7800   692    QI         255,000 FROM, PATRICK G & KATH
                                            07/02/2003 6978   2696   U I 99             WARDEN COR DEED
WEARE, NH 03281                             10/14/1997 5862   0527   QI          91,200 WARDEN
            LISTING HISTORY                                                 NOTES
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        GRY; 12/15 MTL ROOF IN '07; HSF MEAS 10'; SUMP PUMP; 12X12 BMU IS
09/26/25 DMVM V-SALE                        OUTSIDE ACC ONLY=5-1/2 FT HT; CORIAN CTOPS W/STAND WD CABINETS
02/13/24 DMPR                               IN KIT; 5/21; NOH; WELL MAINT; VINYL WINDS; PU PVD DRWY; ABV AVG
08/16/21 DMCL                               SID=VINYL SHAKES; 8/21; WELL MAINT; DNPU 1 RM IN TQF AS BDRM
05/14/21 DMVM                               LACKS CLOSET USED AS OFFICE; 2/24; PU GEN (14KW); 9/25; ALL INFO
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        FROM HO DNVI; NOTHING INCL IN SALE W/LIMIT ON INSPECTION;
12/02/15 DMVL
11/17/15  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                       MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate   Cond     Market Value Notes
GARAGE-1 STY                        624     26 x 24          86   44.00 100           23,612                      WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
                                                                                       23,600

                                                                                                                        PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                 Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                 2024      $ 209,700    $ 16,100      $ 112,300
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 338,100
                                                                                                                 2025      $ 209,700    $ 16,100      $ 112,300
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 338,100
                                                                                                                 2026      $ 322,700    $ 23,600      $ 167,200
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 513,500


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                      LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                            Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography     Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    100 100 95 -- MILD      100     166,800  0 N      166,800
1F RES                      0.120 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  85 -- MODERATE 100          400  0 N          400
                            2.050 ac                                                                   167,200           167,200




                                                                            PAGE 330
Map: 000411   Lot: 000261   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1             124 OAK HILL ROAD                          WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   MUKAI II, GEORGE                        District        Percentage     Model: 1.75 STORY CAPE
                                                                                                           Roof: GABLE OR HIP/STANDING SEAM
                                   124 OAK HILL ROAD                                                         Ext: VINYL SIDING/ABOVE AVG
                                                                                                              Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                         Floor: CARPET/HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:   3,382                                               Heat: GAS/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                                Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures: 6
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type        Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   12/04/23 EL12-652-23 ELECTRICAL          14 KW GENERATOR                 A/C: No                         Generators: 1
                                   11/29/23 MP11-640-23 MECHANICAL          LP UG TNK, / PIPE            Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                   08/03/07 EL-08-416-07 ELECTRICAL         EL-08-416-07;ELECTRICAL FOR  GARAGE
                                                                                                      Com.  Wall: W/BP-06-322-07;
                                   06/27/07 BP-06-322-0 MISCELLANEOUS       BP-06-322-07;GARAGE 24 X 26;GARAGE 24 X 26;GARAGE
                                   11/24/04 BP-11-823-0 MISCELLANEOUS                                   Size Adj:
                                                                            BP-11-823-04;FRONT PORCH - STILL  NEEDS    RAILINGS - Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                    1.0417
                                   08/18/03 BP-08-477-0 MISCELLANEOUS       BP-08-477-03;GARAGE 24X 26                                Bldg. Rate:         1.1791
                                   07/14/03 BP-07-408-0 MISCELLANEOUS       BP-07-408-03;GARAGE 24X 26                             Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 188.66
                                                                                                                BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                          ID       Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                          OPF    OPEN PORCH                256     0.25      64
                                                                                                          TQF    3/4 STRY FIN              768     0.75    576
                                                                                                          FFF    FST FLR FIN               912     1.00    912
                                                                                                          BMU    BSMNT                     912     0.15    137
                                                                                                          HSF    1/2 STRY FIN              276     0.50    138
                                                                                                          EPF    ENCLOSED                  132     0.70      92
                                                                                                          ENT    ENTRY WAY                  25     0.10       3
                                                                                                          GLA:    1,626                  3,281           1,922




                                                                                                              2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                               Market Cost New:            $ 362,605
                                                                                                                      Year Built:               1985
                                                                                                              Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     11 %
                                                                                                                        Physical:
                                                                                                                     Functional:
                                                                                                                      Economic:
                                                                                                                     Temporary:
                                                                                                              Total Depreciation:              11 %

                                                                                                                 Building Value:                    $ 322,700
                                                                PAGE 331
Map: 000411         Lot: 000267        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1             49 OAK RIDGE ROAD                       WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                              SALES HISTORY                                                PICTURE
MALONEY, KATHARINE R                        Date       Book   Page   Type       Price Grantor
                                            03/23/2026 9938   515    QI       560,000 ZLOTRG, ALDIN
                                            09/29/2021 9533   1442   QI       380,000 BRADY, MICHAEL F
49 OAK RIDGE ROAD                           11/13/2017 9025   1434   QI       255,000 BISHOP, KATHLEEN &
                                            10/04/2004 7331   2315   QI       294,933 LADD, L&R
WEARE, NH 03281                             05/20/2003 6931   2502   QI       270,000 WALKER ETC TRUST
            LISTING HISTORY                                                NOTES
06/30/26 DMVM V-SALE                        YELLOW; ATF MEAS 8'; M. BATH W/4 FIXTURES; TOPO IN BACK OF HSE
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        HAS STEEP SLOPE,28 FT DORMER IN REAR OF HSE, WALKOUT BSMT; EST
09/30/25 DMVM                               BSMT; NEW SEPTIC 2008; 9/25; WELL MAINT; RMVD POOL; WELL MAINT;
05/17/21 DMVM                               EXT RECENTLY PAINTED; 6/26 NOH, NC TO EXT;
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
12/03/15 DMVM
11/17/15  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
02/18/09 DMVM

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                      1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500                        WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
PATIO                               160     1 x 160         160     7.00   30            538 EST/SHAPE
                                                                                      6,000
                                                                                                                          PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                   Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2024      $ 265,000     $ 4,700      $ 125,500
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 395,200
                                                                                                                   2025      $ 265,000     $ 4,700      $ 125,500
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 395,200
                                                                                                                   2026      $ 382,700     $ 6,000      $ 171,300
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 560,000


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                            LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                  Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography           Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    100 100 95 -- MILD            100     166,800  0 N      166,800
1F RES                      1.490 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  75 -- STEEP           100       4,500  0 N        4,500
                            3.420 ac                                                                     171,300           171,300




                                                                           PAGE 332
Map: 000411   Lot: 000267   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1           49 OAK RIDGE ROAD                          WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                     TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   MALONEY, KATHARINE R                  District        Percentage    Model: 1.75 STORY CAPE
                                                                                                         Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   49 OAK RIDGE ROAD                                                       Ext: CEDAR/REDWD
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                       Floor: HARDWOOD/CARPET
                                      Account Number:   284                                               Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                              PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 4          Baths: 3.0         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type      Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   05/23/08 EL-05-231-08 ELECTRICAL       EL-05-231-08;ELECTRICAL FOR POOLA/C:  No
                                                                                                             W/SW-05-223-08;EL           Generators:
                                   05/21/08 SW-05-223-0 SWIMMING POOL     SW-05-223-08;18 DIAMETER;ABOVE    GROUND
                                                                                                      Quality:         POOL 18 DIA
                                                                                                                A1 AVG+10
                                   04/21/05 EL-04-218-05 ELECTRICAL       EL-04-218-05;ELECTRICAL FOR HOT
                                                                                                    Com.    TUB INSTALL
                                                                                                         Wall:
                                                                                                     Size Adj: 0.8780               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                   Bldg. Rate:         0.9654
                                                                                                                                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 154.47
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                       ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                       ENT     ENTRY WAY                 15     0.10       2
                                                                                                       TQF     3/4 STRY FIN            1136     0.75    852
                                                                                                       FFF     FST FLR FIN             1136     1.00   1136
                                                                                                       BMF     BSMNT FINISHED           688     0.30    206
                                                                                                       ATF     ATTIC FINISHED           484     0.25    121
                                                                                                       GAR     GARAGE                   484     0.45    218
                                                                                                       DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE             96     0.10      10
                                                                                                       RBF     RAISED BSMNT             448     0.75    336
                                                                                                       GLA:     2,109                 4,487           2,881




                                                                                                           2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                            Market Cost New:           $ 445,028
                                                                                                                   Year Built:              1986
                                                                                                           Condition For Age:  GOOD        14 %
                                                                                                                     Physical:
                                                                                                                  Functional:
                                                                                                                   Economic:
                                                                                                                  Temporary:
                                                                                                           Total Depreciation:             14 %

                                                                                                               Building Value:                   $ 382,700
                                                              PAGE 333
Map: 000411         Lot: 000268        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1              57 OAK RIDGE ROAD                      WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
FORSBERG, MARC                              Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            07/15/2025 9871   1299   QI         460,000 HAMEL, SARAH L
BELCOURT, KERRY S
                                            08/18/2020 9336   538    U I 38           1 HAMEL, SARAH L
57 OAK RIDGE ROAD                           04/22/2016 8848   1275   QI         266,200 MEYER, PAMELA J
                                            12/01/2009 8158   621    U I 38             HEGGELUND JR., ALBERT
WEARE, NH 03281                             11/02/1998 6016   1025   QI         151,000 BROSS, RICHARD & JANET
            LISTING HISTORY                                               NOTES
02/04/26 DMPR                               GRN; PC FNDTN; 9 FIXTURES=3 BATHS; BMF MEAS EST; E=GD; 12/15 NOH;
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        DROP OFF IN BACK OF HSE; NEW HEATING (ON DEMAND) SYS 2020; 9/25;
09/30/25 DMVM V-SALE                        NOH; WELL MAINT; 2/26; NOH; TANK SWAP=NCTV;
05/17/21 DMVM
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
12/03/15 DMVM
11/17/15  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
05/07/13 DMPR

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond    Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                      1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500                        WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
                                                                                       5,500

                                                                                                                          PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                   Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2024      $ 244,800     $ 3,000      $ 123,500
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 371,300
                                                                                                                   2025      $ 244,800     $ 3,000      $ 123,500
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 371,300
                                                                                                                   2026      $ 368,500     $ 5,500      $ 167,200
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 541,200


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                              LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                    Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography             Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    100 100 95 -- MILD              100     166,800  0 N      166,800
1F RES                      0.130 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  75 -- STEEP             100         400  0 N          400
                            2.060 ac                                                                    167,200            167,200




                                                                            PAGE 334
Map: 000411   Lot: 000268   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1           57 OAK RIDGE ROAD                          WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                     TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   FORSBERG, MARC                        District        Percentage    Model: 2.00 STORY COLONIAL
                                   BELCOURT, KERRY S                                                     Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   57 OAK RIDGE ROAD                                                      Ext: CEDAR/REDWD
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                      Floor: HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:   286                                              Heat: GAS/HOT WATER
                                                              PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures: 9
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type       Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   08/07/25 MP08-382-25 MECHANICAL        SWAP 2-120 LPG                 A/C: No                         Generators:
                                   06/12/12 BP-06-282-1 MISCELLANEOUS     BP-06-282-12;REPAIRS REPLACEQuality:
                                                                                                       17 WINDOWS,      1 SLIDER
                                                                                                                A1 AVG+10
                                                                                                    Com. Wall:
                                                                                                     Size Adj: 0.8857               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                   Bldg. Rate:         0.9739
                                                                                                                                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 155.82
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                       ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                       OPF     OPEN PORCH               170     0.25      43
                                                                                                       UFF     UPPER FLR FIN            952     1.00    952
                                                                                                       FFF     FST FLR FIN             1260     1.00   1260
                                                                                                       BMU     BSMNT                    852     0.15    128
                                                                                                       GAR     GARAGE                   484     0.45    218
                                                                                                       DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE            280     0.10      28
                                                                                                       RBF     RAISED BSMNT             168     0.75    126
                                                                                                       RBU     RAISED BSMNT             240     0.25      60
                                                                                                       GLA:     2,212                 4,406           2,815




                                                                                                           2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                            Market Cost New:           $ 438,633
                                                                                                                   Year Built:              1981
                                                                                                           Condition For Age:  GOOD        16 %
                                                                                                                     Physical:
                                                                                                                  Functional:
                                                                                                                   Economic:
                                                                                                                  Temporary:
                                                                                                           Total Depreciation:             16 %

                                                                                                               Building Value:                   $ 368,500
                                                              PAGE 335
Map: 000411        Lot: 000343        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1          238 OLD FRANCESTOWN ROAD                 WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
          OWNER INFORMATION                                          SALES HISTORY                                                PICTURE
JIMENEZ CRUZ, OLIVER J                     Date       Book Page   Type       Price Grantor
                                           12/09/2025 9913 1162   QI       515,000 GIROUX, PETER C
JIMENEZ CRUZ, IRIS N
                                           11/21/2000 6319  99    QI       137,000 PETERSON, G&J
238 OLD FRANCESTOWN ROAD                   08/01/1989 5127 1022   QI       116,000 DUPUIS, WILFRED
                                           11/01/1988 5031 151    QV        30,000 RICHARDSON, J&J
WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                               NOTES
02/11/26 DMVE V-SALE                       GRN; 6/01 PICKED-UP RBF & BATH; 4/02 ADDED EQUIP. SHED = RUN IN
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION       SHELTER; 4/03 ADDED BARN; 11/25; NOH; CORR'D XFOBS; WELL MAINT;
11/19/25 DMVM                              DNPU COOP ON TRL; 2/26; NOH; "POSTED"; WELL MAINT; EST DATA FROM
05/19/21 SLVM                              MLS, BMG CONVERTED TO RBF/1 BR APT
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
12/14/15 DMVM
12/03/09 JBVM
01/21/05 DLLL

                                        EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                       MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                      Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond    Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                          144     12 x 12         171    17.00   60           2,512 NEXT TO BARN           WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-EQUIPMENT                     128      16 x 8         185    11.00   30             781 HORSE SHELTER
BARN-2STRY                         825     33 x 25          79    35.00   80          18,249 ATT/SLB/NOT FULL 2ND
LEAN-TO                            297      33 x 9         114     4.00 100            1,354 ATT/HAS SLB                PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
CONCRETE SLAB                      192      6 x 32         143     5.00   40             549 ATT TO BARN
                                                                                                                  Year      Building  Features    Land
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                     1                    100 5,500.00 100            5,500 GAS
                                                                                                                 2024     $ 166,400    $ 11,500       $ 87,400
                                                                                     28,900
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 265,300
                                                                                                                 2025     $ 166,400    $ 11,500       $ 87,400
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 265,300
                                                                                                                 2026     $ 317,300    $ 28,900      $ 153,600
                                                                                                                                      Parcel Total: $ 499,800


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                  Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: DIRT/GRAVEL
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
2F RES                  2.720 ac    162,880 F  110   100   95      95 95 -- MILD               100     153,600  0 N     153,600
                           2.720 ac                                                                   153,600           153,600




                                                                          PAGE 336
Map: 000411   Lot: 000343   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1        238 OLD FRANCESTOWN ROAD                       WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                          BUILDING DETAILS
                                   JIMENEZ CRUZ, OLIVER J                  District       Percentage     Model: 1.00 STORY R RANCH
                                   JIMENEZ CRUZ, IRIS N                                                    Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   238 OLD FRANCESTOWN ROAD                                                 Ext: CEDAR/REDWD
                                                                                                             Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                        Floor: HARDWOOD/LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number:   3,966                                              Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.0        Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type         Notes                                 Extra Kitchens: 1        Fireplaces:
                                   03/07/02 BP-03-84-02 GARAGE                                             A/C: No
                                                                            BP-03-84-02;32X24 GARAGE;32X24 GARAGE;32X24       GARAG       Generators:
                                   04/12/01 BP-04-143-0 NEW BUILDING        BP-04-143-01;HORSE SHELTER;ANIMAL     STORAGE;HORSE
                                                                                                        Quality: A1  AVG+10           S
                                                                                                      Com. Wall:
                                                                                                       Size Adj: 1.0600              Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                    Bldg. Rate:         1.1893
                                                                                                                                 Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 190.29
                                                                                                               BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                         ID     Description            Area      Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                         RBF RAISED BSMNT                1008    0.75    756
                                                                                                         DEK DECK/ENTRANCE                168    0.10      17
                                                                                                         FFF  FST FLR FIN                1080    1.00   1080
                                                                                                         GLA: 1,080                     2,256          1,853




                                                                                                             2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                              Market Cost New:            $ 352,607
                                                                                                                     Year Built:               1989
                                                                                                             Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     10 %
                                                                                                                       Physical:
                                                                                                                    Functional:
                                                                                                                     Economic:
                                                                                                                    Temporary:
                                                                                                             Total Depreciation:              10 %

                                                                                                                Building Value:                   $ 317,300
                                                                PAGE 337
Map: 000411        Lot: 000369        Sub: 000002        Card: 1 of 1          435 OLD FRANCESTOWN ROAD                   WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                               SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
LUNDHOLM, KAREN                            Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                           12/15/2025 9914   2327   U I 38           1 LUNDHOLM, KAREN
LUNDHOLM, JUSTIN
                                           11/12/2025 9905   1857   QI         612,000 ST. HILAIRE, ERIC N
435 OLD FRANCESTOWN ROAD                   04/27/2020 9285   2693   QI         420,000 CHAPDELAINE, EUGENE R &
                                           12/31/2007 7936   1286   U I 52     345,000 SOLOFRA, K&S
WEARE, NH 03281                            10/23/2002 6741   2229   QI         290,000 JOHNSON/MACVENN
            LISTING HISTORY                                              NOTES
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION       NAT; 2 SKYLIGHTS/FAMILY ROOM; M. BATH W/JET TUB, 2 SINKS, TOILET &
11/20/25 DMVE                              SHOWER STALL; DNPU METAL SHED=NV ROOF COLLAPSED;12/15 PU CTH
05/19/21 DMVE                              & BMF; FMICA CTOPS W/OAK CABINETS; 10/20; INFO @ DOOR; GRANTE
01/28/21 DMPR                              C-TOPS;NO UPDATES; SOME ROT IN TRIM; 1/21; ALL NEW WINDOWS BEING
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION       REPLACED (27) & (3) PATIO DOORS WILL BE FIN BY 4-1-21; 5/21; NOH;
10/14/20 RWVM                              GATED DRWY=EST; NEW WINDOWS; 11/25; GATED DRWY=EST; 6/26 HOME
12/15/15 DMVL                              LARGELY ORIGIN, FFF IN GOOD COND/ORIG BATH/CARPETS UP WORN
11/17/15  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION       AND DATED
                                        EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                      Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond    Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-CUST                      1                    100 7,500.00 100            7,500                        WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
BARN-1STRY                         300     30 x 10         113    27.00   60           5,492 METAL ROOF/ATT
BARN-2STRY                         420     30 x 14          98    35.00   60           8,644 METAL ROOF/ATT
BARN-1STRY                         300     30 x 10         113    27.00   60           5,492 METAL ROOF/ATT              PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                      27,100                      Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                  2024      $ 398,300    $ 18,700      $ 114,800
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 531,800
                                                                                                                  2025      $ 398,300    $ 18,700      $ 114,800
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 531,800
                                                                                                                  2026      $ 457,700    $ 27,100      $ 173,100
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 657,900


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                   LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                           Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography                 Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  3.418 ac    165,672 F  110   100  100      95 100 -- LEVEL              100     173,100     0 N    173,100
                           3.418 ac                                                                    173,100            173,100




                                                                           PAGE 338
Map: 000411   Lot: 000369   Sub: 000002       Card: 1 of 1        435 OLD FRANCESTOWN ROAD                        WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   LUNDHOLM, KAREN                         District        Percentage    Model: 1.75 STORY CAPE
                                   LUNDHOLM, JUSTIN                                                       Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   435 OLD FRANCESTOWN ROAD                                                 Ext: CEDAR/REDWD
                                                                                                             Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                        Floor: PINE/SOFT WD/CARPET
                                      Account Number:   4,371                                              Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 4          Baths: 3.0         Fixtures: 11
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type        Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   12/01/20 BP-11-384-2 BUILDING PERMIT     (27) WINDOWS (3) PATIO DOORS A/C: No                           Generators:
                                   04/14/05 EL-04-189-05 ELECTRICAL         ELECTRICALW/ BP-12-880-04;BARN
                                                                                                        Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                   12/16/04 BP-12-880-0 BARN                BARN                     Com. Wall:
                                   07/28/00 PL-07-425-00 PLUMBING           PLUMBING BARN
                                   06/19/00 EL-06-319-00 ELECTRICAL         ELECTRICAL BARN            Size Adj: 0.7674               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   06/12/00 BP-06-301-0 BARN                BARN/GARAGE                                              Bldg. Rate:         0.8438
                                                                                                                                  Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 135.01
                                                                                                               BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                         ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                         DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE            586     0.10      59
                                                                                                         CTH     CATHEDRAL               1272     0.10    127
                                                                                                         FFF     FST FLR FIN             1740     1.00   1740
                                                                                                         CRL     CRAWL SPACE              556     0.05      28
                                                                                                         TQF     3/4 STRY FIN            1184     0.75    888
                                                                                                         BMU     BSMNT                    708     0.15    106
                                                                                                         UFF     UPPER FLR FIN            864     1.00    864
                                                                                                         GAR     GARAGE                   864     0.45    389
                                                                                                         ENT     ENTRY WAY                 20     0.10       2
                                                                                                         BMF     BSMNT FINISHED           476     0.30    143
                                                                                                         GLA:     3,492                 8,270           4,346




                                                                                                             2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                              Market Cost New:           $ 586,753
                                                                                                                     Year Built:              1991
                                                                                                             Condition For Age: AVERAGE      17 %
                                                                                                                       Physical:
                                                                                                                    Functional:
                                                                                                                     Economic:
                                                                                                                    Temporary:    INT          5%
                                                                                                             Total Depreciation:             22 %

                                                                                                                 Building Value:                   $ 457,700
                                                                PAGE 339
Map: 000411      Lot: 000378        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1           15 PEACOCK HILL ROAD                       WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                             SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
NASON, ANTHONY                           Date       Book   Page    Type        Price Grantor
                                         04/07/2026 9939   2793    QI        739,000 GOULART-LYNCH, SCOTT
NASON, KERRY
                                         05/16/2018 9072   2790   U I 15     389,933 PEACOCK HILL ROAD LLC
15 PEACOCK HILL ROAD                     10/02/2017 9013   0157   QV          62,000 SIRRON DEVELOPMENT,
                                         09/26/2017 9010   1514   QV          50,000 SHIELDS, WM & JOANNE
WEARE, NH 03281                          08/21/1997 5844   0146   U V 99      27,000 BRISSETTE
            LISTING HISTORY                                             NOTES
01/01/26  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION     GRN; LIGHTLY WOODED PART FIELD; FF IS FAIRLY LEVEL;4/14 ACREAGE
10/08/25 DMVM                            ADJ PER PLAN #11514 FROM 8/25/78; 4/18; NO ONE AROUND DNVI; 2/19 NOH;
02/25/21 DMVM                            EST INT 100% COMP & PU POLE BARN=DIRT FLR, LACKS DOORS &
01/01/21  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION     SHINGLES; VINYL WINDOWS; 10/25; NO INFO FROM TENANT; NC TO EXT;
02/14/19 DMPR                            WELL MAINT; 4/26 BMF EST FROM MLS
04/17/18 DMVM
01/07/16 DMVL
11/17/15  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                      EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                          MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                    Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                   1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500 GAS                     WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
BARN-1STRY/LOFT                  900     30 x 30          78    31.00   85         18,498 DRT FLR
CARPORT WOOD                     330     11 x 30         108    15.00 100           5,346
EV CHARGER RES                      1                    100     0.00 100               0                               PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                    29,300                       Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                 2024      $ 302,400    $ 20,000      $ 101,800
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 424,200
                                                                                                                 2025      $ 302,400    $ 20,000      $ 101,800
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 424,200
                                                                                                                 2026      $ 497,600    $ 29,300      $ 181,600
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 708,500


                                             LAND VALUATION                                                               LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                           Site: GOOD Driveway: PAVED Road: DIRT/GRAVEL
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography              Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  5.000 ac    172,000 F   110   105   95    100 95 -- MILD              100     179,300  0 N      179,300 IRR
1F RES                  0.600 ac     x 4,000 X  100                   95 -- MILD              100       2,300  0 N        2,300
                         5.600 ac                                                                    181,600             181,600




                                                                         PAGE 340
Map: 000411   Lot: 000378   Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1           15 PEACOCK HILL ROAD                        WEARE              Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                              OWNER                        TAXABLE DISTRICTS                        BUILDING DETAILS
                                   NASON, ANTHONY                            District       Percentage
                                                                                                     Model: 2.00 STORY COLONIAL
                                   NASON, KERRY                                                        Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   15 PEACOCK HILL ROAD                                                 Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                         Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                    Floor: HARDWOOD/CARPET
                                       Account Number: 280                                             Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                                 PERMITS                          Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures: 8
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type       Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   01/09/19 BP-01-18-19 BARN              BARN 30X30 W/ATT LEAN-TO     A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators:
                                   10/10/17 BP-10-587-1 SINGLE FAMILY HOM SFH 2 STORY 3 BDRMS       Quality: A3 AVG+30
                                                                                                  Com. Wall:
                                                                                                   Size Adj: 0.8857               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                 Bldg. Rate:         1.1509
                                                                                                                              Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 184.15
                                                                                                           BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                          ID       Description       Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                          DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE          144     0.10      14
                                                                                                          UFF    UPPER FLR FIN          952     1.00    952
                                                                                                          BMU    BSMNT                  364     0.15      55
                                                                                                          OPF    OPEN PORCH             200     0.25      50
                                                                                                          VLT    VAULTED                280     0.05      14
                                                                                                          FFF    FST FLR FIN           1232     1.00   1232
                                                                                                          BMF    BSMNT FINISHED         868     0.30    260
                                                                                                          GAR    GARAGE                 528     0.45    238
                                                                                                          GLA:    2,184               4,568           2,815




                                                                                                              2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                               Market Cost New:            $ 518,382
                                                                                                                      Year Built:               2017
                                                                                                              Condition For Age: VERY GOOD       4%
                                                                                                                        Physical:
                                                                                                                     Functional:
                                                                                                                      Economic:
                                                                                                                     Temporary:
                                                                                                              Total Depreciation:                4%

                                                                                                                 Building Value:                 $ 497,600
                                                                PAGE 341
Map: 000412         Lot: 000037        Sub: 000001           Card: 1 of 1                 401 RIVER ROAD                      WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                   SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
                                           .
ANTHONY, JOSEPH L                              Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                               07/15/2025 9867   2648   QI         570,000 BURSTEIN, RAYMOND E
ANTHONY KATY MARIE
                                               09/27/2011 8352   2014   U I 15     230,000 HARDY, ROGER D CONSTR,
401 RIVER ROAD                                 08/26/2010 8233   1037   U I 38             HARDY, ROGER D

WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                     NOTES
12/17/25 RWVX V-SALE                           GRY; EFF 04/11 SUBDIV 36802; 3/11 PU NEW HSE UC=SOME INT FIN &
08/03/22 DMVM                                  MINOR EXT CK12; WALKOUT BSMT;4/12 NOH; WALKOUT BSMT; EST HSE
01/05/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION           100%;9/13 H/O REFUSED INT & EXT;4/14 ACREAGE ADJ PER LLA#37696; 4/14
04/27/18 DMPM                                  NEW SEPTIC IN '10; 8/22; NOH; NC TO EXT; EXT=GD; DNPU ROOF OH'S ON
04/23/14 DMPR                                  BARN OR CANVAS SHED OR ICE SHACK; 12/25; HO NOT HOME, REF
09/05/13 DMVX                                  MEAS/INFO OVER RING DOORBELL; EST BMF;
01/09/13  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
04/18/12  JBPR

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                            MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond       Market Value Notes
BARN-1STRY                         1,800    60 x 30          69   27.00   60             20,120                         WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
LEAN-TO                              192    16 x 12         143    4.00 100               1,098
                                                                                          21,200
                                                                                                                             PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                      Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                      2024      $ 228,100    $ 14,500      $ 130,800
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 373,400
                                                                                                                      2025      $ 228,100    $ 14,500      $ 130,800
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 373,400
                                                                                                                      2026      $ 364,000    $ 21,200      $ 181,800
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 567,000


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                                  LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                   Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    100 95 100 -- LEVEL                100     166,800     0 N    166,800
1F RES                      3.940 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  95 -- MILD                 100      15,000     0 N     15,000
                            5.870 ac                                                                       181,800            181,800




                                                                               PAGE 342
Map: 000412   Lot: 000037   Sub: 000001       Card: 1 of 1               401 RIVER ROAD                          WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   ANTHONY, JOSEPH L                      District        Percentage    Model: 2.00 STORY COLONIAL
                                   ANTHONY KATY MARIE                                                    Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   401 RIVER ROAD                                                          Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                            Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                       Floor: HARD TILE/HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:                                                     Heat: GAS/HOT WATER
                                                               PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type       Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   04/28/26 MP04-154-26 MECHANICAL         1-500 LPG TANK                 A/C: No                         Generators:
                                   06/21/17 BP-06-311-1 LEAN-TO            LEAN-TO 12'X16' DETACHED    Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                   01/02/14 MC-12-624-1 MECHANICAL         WOODSTOVE PIPE           Com. Wall:
                                   01/11/11 MC-01-11-11 MECHANICAL         MC-01-11-11;MECHANICAL INSTALL LPG BOILER & GAS PI
                                   01/05/11 MC-01-07-11 MECHANICAL                                    Size Adj:
                                                                           MC-01-07-11;MECHANICAL INSTALL         0.9354 TANK ONL
                                                                                                             PROPANE                 Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   12/21/10 EL-12-775-10 ELECTRICAL        EL-12-775-10;ELECTRICAL W/BP-12-747-10 SFH               Bldg. Rate:         1.0084
                                   12/14/10 PL-12-762-10 PLUMBING          PL-12-762-10;PLUMBING W/BP-12-747-10 SFH;PLUMBING     Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 161.34
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                        ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                        GAR     GARAGE                   624     0.45    281
                                                                                                        UFF     UPPER FLR FIN            936     1.00    936
                                                                                                        FFF     FST FLR FIN              936     1.00    936
                                                                                                        BMF     BSMNT FINISHED           936     0.30    281
                                                                                                        ENT     ENTRY WAY                 24     0.10       2
                                                                                                        DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE            160     0.10      16
                                                                                                        GLA:     1,872                 3,616           2,452




                                                                                                            2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                             Market Cost New:           $ 395,606
                                                                                                                    Year Built:              2010
                                                                                                            Condition For Age:  GOOD          8%
                                                                                                                      Physical:
                                                                                                                   Functional:
                                                                                                                    Economic:
                                                                                                                   Temporary:
                                                                                                            Total Depreciation:               8%

                                                                                                                Building Value:                   $ 364,000
                                                              PAGE 343
Map: 000412      Lot: 000069          Sub: 000007         Card: 1 of 1            86 SARGENT STN RD # 7                    WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
LEMIRE, STEVEN HAROLD                       Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            07/02/2025 9868   1241   QI         149,933 KOSTER, BEVERLY A.
LEMIRE, DEBRA VICTORIA
                                            12/06/2021 9564   2538   QI         127,000 BOISVERT, WILLIAM H
86 SARGENT STATION ROAD #7                  03/22/2021 9443   1177   U I 25       4,000 LORANGER, CINDY ANN
                                            03/28/2014 8648   2100   U I 25       6,533 NEVAREZ, JOSE
WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                NOTES
12/17/25 RWVM V-SALE                        GRAY; 2/22; PU NEW MH; EST INT; 2X6 CONST; EST DRWY=SNOW; 9/22;
09/22/22 DMCL                               CORR'D BDRM & BTH CNT; FMICA/WD CABS; 12/25; NOH; EXT COND AVG;
02/01/22 DMVM                               PU SHED & LNTO; PU PATIO, EST=SNOW; DNPU NV TEMP ENTS;
01/05/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
07/07/21 CRHC
06/28/13 DMVM
01/09/13  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
11/23/09 KCVX

                                        EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                          MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                      Units Lngth x Width Size Adj  Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
86 SARGENT                            1                    100 36,000.00 100          36,000                         WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                          120     12 x 10         193     17.00 100           3,937 GAMBREL
LEAN-TO                            117      13 x 9         197      4.00   20            184 MTL
PATIO                              168     168 x 1         155      7.00 100           1,823 EST SNOW                     PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                       41,900                      Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2024       $ 44,200    $ 56,000            $0
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 100,200
                                                                                                                   2025       $ 44,200    $ 56,000            $0
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 100,200
                                                                                                                   2026      $ 108,000    $ 41,900            $0
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 149,900


                                              LAND VALUATION                                                                  LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL     Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                            Site: N/A Driveway: PAVED Road: DIRT/GRAVEL
Land Type 1F RES                 Neighborhood: E                                                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes

                               0 ac




                                                                            PAGE 344
Map: 000412   Lot: 000069   Sub: 000007        Card: 1 of 1            86 SARGENT STN RD # 7                      WEARE               Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                              OWNER                        TAXABLE DISTRICTS                        BUILDING DETAILS
                                   LEMIRE, STEVEN HAROLD                      District       Percentage
                                                                                                      Model: 1.00 STORY MHS
                                   LEMIRE, DEBRA VICTORIA                                              Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   86 SARGENT STATION ROAD #7                                            Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                          Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                     Floor: CARPET/LAMINATE/VINYL
                                       Account Number: 2,800                                            Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                                  PERMITS                         Bedrooms: 2           Baths: 1.5         Fixtures: 5
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type      Notes                                Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   11/10/21 EL-11-559-21 ELECTRICAL       ELECTRICAL FEED               A/C: No                         Generators:
                                   11/09/21 MC-11-558-2 MECHANICAL        CONNECT LPG TANK           Quality: A0 AVG
                                   10/05/21 BP-10-466-2 MOBILE HOME REPLA MH REPLACEMENT 756 SQ. FT.
                                                                                                  Com. Wall:
                                   09/10/21 EL-09-404-21 ELECTRICAL       ELECTRICAL FOR MH METER & PNL
                                   03/17/21 DM-03-49-21 DEMOLITION        DEMO MH, SHED & DECK      Size Adj: 0.9061               Base Rate: MHS 160.00
                                   03/17/21 DM-03-49-21 DEMOLITION        DEMO MH, SHED & DECK                                    Bldg. Rate:         0.8608
                                                                                                                               Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 137.73
                                                                                                            BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                          ID     Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                          SLB  SLAB                      784     0.00       0
                                                                                                          FFF  FST FLR FIN               784     1.00    784
                                                                                                          GLA: 784                     1,568             784




                                                                                                              2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                               Market Cost New:           $ 107,980
                                                                                                                      Year Built:              2021
                                                                                                              Condition For Age: AVERAGE
                                                                                                                        Physical:
                                                                                                                     Functional:
                                                                                                                      Economic:
                                                                                                                     Temporary:
                                                                                                              Total Depreciation:

                                                                                                                 Building Value:                  $ 108,000
                                                                 PAGE 345
Map: 000412      Lot: 000069           Sub: 000025         Card: 1 of 1             86 SARGENT STN RD #25                    WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                 SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
SMITH, WESLEY                                Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                             07/09/2025 9870   262    QI         172,400 THOMAN, PAUL L
SMITH, MELISSA
                                             12/12/2023 9746   2119   QI         120,000 AINSLIE, JOSEPH R
86 SARGENT STATION ROAD #25                  08/01/2019 9194   2179   QI          44,733 TRAHAN, GARY
                                             06/29/2015 8764   2551   QI          38,533 SAVAGE, NORMA,
WEARE, NH 03281                              08/06/2002 6682   1905   U I 99             BOISVERT, WM
            LISTING HISTORY                                                NOTES
12/18/25 RWVM V-SALE                         GRAY; 2X6 CONST.;SKYLINE LTD EDITION; SER #B7-16-0149R; 2/22; NOH;
02/01/22 DMVM                                RMV SHED & PU ONE; NC TO EXT OF MH; 12/25; INFO @ DOOR; EXT COND
01/05/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION         GD; GD MAINT; NO EXT CHNG; 7/26 RENOV INT WITH GRANITE KITCH
01/04/16 ERVM SALES
07/02/13 DMVL
01/09/13  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
03/19/09 DMPR
04/08/08 KMVM

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                           MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj  Rate    Cond    Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                           200     10 x 20         140     17.00 100           4,760                          WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
86 SARGENT                             1                    100 36,000.00 100          36,000
                                                                                         40,800
                                                                                                                            PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                     Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                     2024       $ 26,000    $ 58,800            $0
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 84,800
                                                                                                                     2025       $ 26,000    $ 58,800            $0
                                                                                                                                             Parcel Total: $ 84,800
                                                                                                                     2026      $ 110,800    $ 40,800            $0
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 151,600


                                               LAND VALUATION                                                                  LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL      Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                        Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type 1F RES                  Neighborhood: E                                                 Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes

                                0 ac




                                                                              PAGE 346
Map: 000412   Lot: 000069   Sub: 000025        Card: 1 of 1          86 SARGENT STN RD #25                        WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                              OWNER                     TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   SMITH, WESLEY                           District        Percentage    Model: 1.00 STORY MOBILE HM
                                   SMITH, MELISSA                                                          Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   86 SARGENT STATION ROAD #25                                              Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                             Int: WALL BOARD/DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                        Floor: LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number:                                                      Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                                PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 2          Baths: 1.0         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID     Permit Type       Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   05/05/21 BP-05-140-2   SHED              SHED 10FTX20FT                 A/C: No                         Generators:
                                   05/05/21 BP-05-140-2   DEMOLITION        DEMOLISH SHED               Quality: A2 AVG+20
                                   09/08/05 BP-09-659-0   MISCELLANEOUS     BP-09-659-05;12X14 DECK CANCELED
                                                                                                      Com. Wall:PERMIT PER OWNER
                                   11/21/02 BP-11-681-0   MISCELLANEOUS     BP-11-681-02;PREFAB SHED ON LOT
                                   06/21/02 BP-06-358-0   MISCELLANEOUS                                Size Adj:
                                                                            BP-06-358-02;NEW MANUFACTURED          0.9050 MANUFACTU
                                                                                                              HOME;NEW                Base Rate: MHS 160.00
                                                                                                                                     Bldg. Rate:         0.9883
                                                                                                                                  Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 158.12
                                                                                                               BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                         ID     Description            Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                         FFF  FST FLR FIN                 784     1.00    784
                                                                                                         SLB  SLAB                        784     0.00       0
                                                                                                         ENT ENTRY WAY                     32     0.10       3
                                                                                                         GLA: 784                       1,600             787




                                                                                                             2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                              Market Cost New:            $ 124,440
                                                                                                                     Year Built:               2002
                                                                                                             Condition For Age: EXCELLENT     11 %
                                                                                                                       Physical:
                                                                                                                    Functional:
                                                                                                                     Economic:
                                                                                                                    Temporary:
                                                                                                             Total Depreciation:              11 %

                                                                                                                 Building Value:                   $ 110,800
                                                                PAGE 347
Map: 000412      Lot: 000069           Sub: 000041         Card: 1 of 1            86 SARGENT STN RD #41                    WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                 SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
SARASIN, WENDY                               Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                             07/25/2025 9874   1623   QI         210,000 CORBINAND, PASCAL H
TROMBLEY, ARTHUR
                                             12/21/2017 9037   2171   QI          65,000 BOISVERT, PAUL R & ROBIN
86 SARGENT STATION ROAD #41                  08/17/2017 8998   1572   U I 35           1 WEARE, TOWN OF
                                             07/30/2014 8679   1486   U I 50             BOISVERT, ASHLEY M
WEARE, NH 03281                              08/02/2005 7515   2969   U I 38      60,000 ST CYR, T&J
            LISTING HISTORY                                                 NOTES
12/17/25 RWVM V-SALE                         WHT; ROYAL HOME BY OXFORD S#010A&B; NC TO 4/18 CORR BR COUNT
09/21/22 DMCL                                AND ADDED LAMINATE FLOORS; 6/22; NOH; EXT=GD; DNPU COVER OVER
06/30/22 DMVM                                OIL TANK; PU NEW M-ROOF; 9/22; NEW ROOF IN 2020; DNPU VLT CEIL=1
01/05/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION         FT; WELL MAINT; 12/25; INFO @ DOOR; CORR HEAT PER HO; PU AC FOR '26;
07/02/13 DMVM                                DNPU COVER OVER AC;
01/09/13  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
03/18/11 KCVM
09/19/05 KCRL

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                          MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj  Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                            96      12 x 8         227     17.00   80          2,964                         WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
86 SARGENT                             1                    100 36,000.00 100          36,000
SHED-WOOD                            80      8 x 10         260     17.00   80          2,829
                                                                                        41,800                             PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                    Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                    2024       $ 70,700    $ 59,400            $0
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 130,100
                                                                                                                    2025       $ 70,700    $ 59,400            $0
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 130,100
                                                                                                                    2026      $ 184,200    $ 41,800            $0
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 226,000


                                               LAND VALUATION                                                                  LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL      Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                         Site:               Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type 1F RES                  Neighborhood: E                                                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R     Tax Value Notes

                                0 ac




                                                                             PAGE 348
Map: 000412   Lot: 000069   Sub: 000041       Card: 1 of 1            86 SARGENT STN RD #41                 WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                             OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                      BUILDING DETAILS
                                   SARASIN, WENDY                          District    Percentage      Model: 1.00 STORY MHDBL
                                   TROMBLEY, ARTHUR                                                      Roof: GABLE OR HIP/PREFAB METALS
                                   86 SARGENT STATION ROAD #41                                            Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                           Int: DRYWALL/WALL BOARD
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                      Floor: CARPET/LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number:   4,393                                            Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                                PERMITS                             Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 1.0         Fixtures: 3
                                    Date   Permit ID    Permit Type         Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                                                                                         A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators:
                                                                                                      Quality: A0 AVG
                                                                                                    Com. Wall:
                                                                                                     Size Adj: 1.3797               Base Rate: MHD 160.00
                                                                                                                                   Bldg. Rate:         1.3659
                                                                                                                                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 218.54
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                    ID     Description             Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                    FFF  FST FLR FIN                 1120     1.00   1120
                                                                                                    DEK DECK/ENTRANCE                 188     0.10      19
                                                                                                    SLB  SLAB                        1120     0.00       0
                                                                                                    GLA: 1,120                      2,428           1,139




                                                                                                       2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                        Market Cost New:            $ 248,917
                                                                                                               Year Built:               1991
                                                                                                       Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     26 %
                                                                                                                 Physical:
                                                                                                              Functional:
                                                                                                               Economic:
                                                                                                              Temporary:
                                                                                                       Total Depreciation:              26 %

                                                                                                           Building Value:                      $ 184,200
                                                                PAGE 349
Map: 000412         Lot: 000080        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1            22 GREENWOOD ROAD                        WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
LARSON, YELENA                              Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            11/18/2025 9907   1378   QI         435,000 JAKIMOWICZ, MICHAL
                                            08/03/2012 8455   0725   U I 25     180,000 BLAND, MAUREEN E
22 GREENWOOD ROAD                           02/02/2007 7803   1902   U I 38             BLAND, CRAIG D

WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                NOTES
02/10/26 DMVM V-SALE                        BRN; PAT=EST SNO; TQF MEAS=16'; PU BMF & CTH; NO CEILING IN
07/12/22 DMVM                               EPF=EPU; 8/12 MLS 4164334; WOB; HSE RECENTLY PAINTED; 2/26; ALL INFO
01/05/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        FROM HO; SHE STATED GEN GONE HAS H/U; NOTHING INCL IN SALE; NEW
08/23/13 DMVL                               WTR SOFTNER;
01/09/13  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
02/13/09 DMQC
02/09/09 ERVL
12/04/08  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond    Market Value Notes
PATIO                               440     22 x 20          96    7.00   25            739                         WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                            96      12 x 8         227   17.00   10            370
                                                                                       1,100
                                                                                                                          PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                   Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2024      $ 253,300     $ 1,400      $ 101,000
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 355,700
                                                                                                                   2025      $ 253,300     $ 1,400      $ 101,000
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 355,700
                                                                                                                   2026      $ 346,200     $ 1,100      $ 150,300
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 497,600


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                       LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                        Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography     Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    100 95  90 -- ROLLING   100     150,100     0 N    150,100
1F RES                      0.070 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  85 -- MODERATE 100          200     0 N        200
                            2.000 ac                                                                   150,300             150,300




                                                                            PAGE 350
Map: 000412   Lot: 000080   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1          22 GREENWOOD ROAD                           WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                     TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   LARSON, YELENA                        District        Percentage    Model: 1.75 STORY LOG
                                                                                                         Roof: GABLE OR HIP/STANDING SEAM
                                   22 GREENWOOD ROAD                                                      Ext: LOGS
                                                                                                           Int: WOOD/LOGS/DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                      Floor: PINE/SOFT WD/LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number:   186                                              Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                              PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures: 8
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type      Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   11/26/12 MC-11-581-1 MECHANICAL        MC-11-581-12;MECHANICAL CONNECTA/C: LPG
                                                                                                                Yes FIREPLACE;MEC
                                                                                                                      100.00 %           Generators:
                                   12/29/08 BP-12-768-0 MISCELLANEOUS     BP-12-768-08;REPLACE DECK 1157 SQ. FT.;REPLACE
                                                                                                      Quality:  A1 AVG+10 DEC
                                   12/29/08 PL-12-769-08 PLUMBING         PL-12-769-08;PLUMBING FORCom.
                                                                                                    BATHROOM
                                                                                                         Wall:    W/BP-12-768-08;
                                                                                                     Size Adj: 0.9704               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                   Bldg. Rate:         1.1193
                                                                                                                                Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 179.09
                                                                                                             BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                       ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                       EPF     ENCLOSED                 216     0.70    151
                                                                                                       VLT     VAULTED                  988     0.05      49
                                                                                                       FFF     FST FLR FIN             1131     1.00   1131
                                                                                                       CTH     CATHEDRAL                143     0.10      14
                                                                                                       BMU     BSMNT                    312     0.15      47
                                                                                                       DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE            208     0.10      21
                                                                                                       TQF     3/4 STRY FIN             732     0.75    549
                                                                                                       BMF     BSMNT FINISHED           819     0.30    246
                                                                                                       OPF     OPEN PORCH               160     0.25      40
                                                                                                       GLA:     1,680                 4,709           2,248




                                                                                                           2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                            Market Cost New:           $ 402,594
                                                                                                                   Year Built:              1986
                                                                                                           Condition For Age:  GOOD        14 %
                                                                                                                     Physical:
                                                                                                                  Functional:
                                                                                                                   Economic:
                                                                                                                  Temporary:
                                                                                                           Total Depreciation:             14 %

                                                                                                               Building Value:                   $ 346,200
                                                              PAGE 351
Map: 000412       Lot: 000132        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1                 21 RIVER ROAD                      WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                              SALES HISTORY                                             PICTURE
LANGILL, GEOFFREY NELSON                  Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                          04/01/2025 9844   2891   QI         352,500 COOMBES, JUSTIN
GOGUEN, JESSICA
                                          08/16/2021 9511   2898   QI         280,000 ROUSSEL. NICHOLAS
21 RIVER ROAD                             04/14/2016 8846   1016   QI         139,933 TNT PROPERTY
                                          10/09/2015 8797   2801   U I 40      81,333 CNG INVESTMENT GROUP
WEARE, NH 03281                           06/12/2015 8759   2169   U I 54             CORRECTIVE DEED
            LISTING HISTORY                                               NOTES
12/17/25 RWVX V-SALE                      TAN; 04/16 COMPLETLY RENOV'D HSE, FMICA C-TOP W/WD CABINETS,
07/28/22 DMVM                             CONCRETE BLOCK FNDTN INT OF BSMNT, BSMNT PART DIRT + CEMENT,
01/05/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION      HSE IS CLOSE TO RIVER, 6FT;1/16; RENO/UPDATES AFTER 10/15
04/25/16 DMVL MARKED FOR INSPECTION       SALE;NEWER WINS, ROOF, FLRING, DORM;EST INT DATA & GOOD COND
01/05/16 ERVM SALES                       FOR AGE OVERALL;LOW PITCH ROOF=FLAT;CLOSE TO RD/RF; 7/22; NOH;
09/10/13 DMVM                             PU M-SHED; EXT=AVG; EXT TRIM AROUND 1 WIND IS ROTTED; 12/25; HO
09/19/11 LMHC                             REF MEAS/INFO; TOLD TO LEAVE; PU SHED BY EST, LACKS ROOF/WALL;
03/24/11 KCVM

                                       EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                     Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
SHED-METAL                         70      7 x 10         289    5.00   50            506                         WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                         144     12 x 12         171   17.00   30          1,256 EST
                                                                                     1,800
                                                                                                                       PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                2024      $ 139,000       $ 600       $ 96,500
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 236,100
                                                                                                                2025      $ 139,000       $ 600       $ 96,500
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 236,100
                                                                                                                2026      $ 221,900     $ 1,800      $ 133,700
                                                                                                                                      Parcel Total: $ 357,400


                                              LAND VALUATION                                                               LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: VILLAGE Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 250                                                    Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type                 Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography             Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                    0.500 ac    140,000 F  110   100  100   95 100 -- LEVEL              90     131,700     0 N    131,700 FLDPLN
PISCATAQUOG RIVER         1.000 wf NATURAL IMPR LOT, MAIN BODY        95 -- MILD W            100       2,000     0        2,000 RF WF
                          0.500 ac                                                                   133,700            133,700




                                                                          PAGE 352
Map: 000412   Lot: 000132   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1               21 RIVER ROAD                           WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   LANGILL, GEOFFREY NELSON               District        Percentage     Model: 2.00 STORY CONVENTION
                                   GOGUEN, JESSICA                                                        Roof: FLAT/ASPHALT
                                   21 RIVER ROAD                                                            Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                             Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                        Floor: CARPET/LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number:   184                                                Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                               PERMITS                                Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 1.0         Fixtures: 3
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type       Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   10/14/15 EL-10-490-15 ELECTRICAL                                        A/C: No ADD 3 CIRCUIT
                                                                           ELECTRICAL UP-GRADE PANEL & METER                               Generators:
                                   09/28/15 MC-09-462-1 MECHANICAL         MECHANICAL CHANGE POWERQuality:
                                                                                                         VENTED   A1OIL  FURNACE E
                                                                                                                      AVG+10
                                   09/28/15 PL-09-461-15 PLUMBING          PLUMBING ADD SINK PL-09-461-15
                                                                                                     Com. Wall:
                                   08/17/15 SE-08-356-15 SEPTIC            SEPTIC REPLACEMENT SE-08-356-15 CA2015081114
                                   08/04/15 BP-08-338-1 RE-HAB                                         Size Adj:
                                                                           RE-HAB HOUSE, RE-SHINGLE ROOF,     ADD    FRONT STEPS,Base
                                                                                                                   1.0824             A Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   08/04/15 EL-08-339-15 ELECTRICAL        ELECTRICAL RE-HAB HOUSE 100 AMP PANEL EL-08-339-15 Rate:  Bldg.               1.0851
                                   07/01/15 SR-07-256-15 SEPTIC            SEPTIC REVIEW SR-07-256-15                             Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 173.62
                                                                                                               BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                         ID       Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                         UFF    UPPER FLR FIN             680     1.00    680
                                                                                                         FFF    FST FLR FIN               956     1.00    956
                                                                                                         BMU    BSMNT                     696     0.15    104
                                                                                                         CRL    CRAWL SPACE               260     0.05      13
                                                                                                         DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE             160     0.10      16
                                                                                                         OPF    OPEN PORCH                 24     0.25       6
                                                                                                         GLA:    1,636                  2,776           1,775




                                                                                                             2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                              Market Cost New:            $ 308,176
                                                                                                                     Year Built:               1777
                                                                                                             Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     28 %
                                                                                                                       Physical:
                                                                                                                    Functional:
                                                                                                                     Economic:
                                                                                                                    Temporary:
                                                                                                             Total Depreciation:              28 %

                                                                                                                Building Value:                    $ 221,900
                                                              PAGE 353
Map: 000412      Lot: 000154        Sub: 000001        Card: 1 of 1                338 COLBY ROAD                       WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                           SALES HISTORY                                                PICTURE
VILLENEUVE, NICHOLAS                     Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                         05/14/2025 9855 1242   QI         529,933 NH JJC 2024 LLC
CLARK, KAYCIE
                                         01/08/2025 9829 629    U I 99           1 LULL, NOREEN
338 COLBY ROAD                           01/02/2025 9828 644    U I 35           1 WEARE, TOWN OF
                                         07/24/2024 9789 1203   U I 35           1 LULL, NOREEN/ TAX DEED
WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                             NOTES
03/19/25 DMVM                            WHT; 6/22; NOH; NC TO EXT; EXT=AVG; 3/25; NEW BOILER OIL TO GAS; HSE
06/29/22 DMVM                            IS BEING FLIPPED; SOME NEW FLRING, PAINT INT & DECKING ON DECKS;
01/05/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION     INFO FROM CONTRACTOR DNVI; CORR'D GAR DEPT;
08/29/13 DMVM
01/09/13  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
11/30/09 KCVX
11/17/09  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
09/14/05 DSUM

                                      EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                    Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                   1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500                        WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                        112      14 x 8         203    17.00   60          2,319
                                                                                    7,800
                                                                                                                       PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                2024      $ 202,900     $ 4,400      $ 117,600
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 324,900
                                                                                                                2025      $ 204,700     $ 4,400      $ 117,600
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 326,700
                                                                                                                2026      $ 314,500     $ 7,800      $ 159,800
                                                                                                                                      Parcel Total: $ 482,100


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                             Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography               Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  2.350 ac    161,400 F  110   100  100     100 90 -- ROLLING           100     159,800  0 N      159,800
                         2.350 ac                                                                    159,800            159,800




                                                                        PAGE 354
Map: 000412   Lot: 000154   Sub: 000001        Card: 1 of 1                  338 COLBY ROAD                       WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                              OWNER                         TAXABLE DISTRICTS                        BUILDING DETAILS
                                   VILLENEUVE, NICHOLAS                        District      Percentage      Model: 2.00 STORY COLONIAL
                                   CLARK, KAYCIE                                                               Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   338 COLBY ROAD                                                               Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                                 Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                            Floor: CARPET
                                      Account Number:     4,382                                                Heat: GAS/HOT WATER
                                                                  PERMITS                                 Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID     Permit Type           Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   01/31/25 MP01-52-25    MECHANICAL            20' GAS PIPE/ BOILER           A/C: No                         Generators:
                                   05/18/09 BP-05-176-0   DECK                  DECK 12X12                  Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                   11/03/03 BP-11-696-0   SHED                  SHED 8X14                 Com. Wall:
                                                                                                           Size Adj: 0.9776               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                         Bldg. Rate:         1.0222
                                                                                                                                      Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 163.56
                                                                                                                   BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                          ID       Description           Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                          BMU    BSMNT                      482     0.15      72
                                                                                                          DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE              295     0.10      30
                                                                                                          BMG    BASEMENT                   520     0.20    104
                                                                                                          UFF    UPPER FLR FIN             1002     1.00   1002
                                                                                                          FFF    FST FLR FIN               1002     1.00   1002
                                                                                                          GLA:    2,004                   3,301           2,210




                                                                                                             2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                              Market Cost New:           $ 361,468
                                                                                                                     Year Built:              1991
                                                                                                             Condition For Age:  GOOD        13 %
                                                                                                                       Physical:
                                                                                                                    Functional:
                                                                                                                     Economic:
                                                                                                                    Temporary:
                                                                                                             Total Depreciation:             13 %

                                                                                                                 Building Value:                      $ 314,500
                                                                  PAGE 355
Map: 000412         Lot: 000164        Sub: 000000           Card: 1 of 1               242 COLBY ROAD                       WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                 SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
                                           .
BOURGEOIS, LUC                                 Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                               12/02/2025 9910 1506   QI         531,000 GALLANT II, WILLIAM
                                               11/12/2020 9374 981    U I 38           1 GALLANT II, WILLIAM
242 COLBY ROAD                                 06/26/2002 6657 2235   QI         198,000 WILSON, J&A
                                               07/01/1996 5733  17    QI         110,000 PRESTIDGE, JOHN
WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                   NOTES
02/11/26 DMVM V-SALE                           BLUE; WOB; 1/3 HSE LAMINATE FLOOR; 3/11 INFO FROM MRS DNVI PER
06/28/22 DMVM                                  HO; SOME ELEC HEAT; 2/26; NOH; NEW SIDING, WINDS, EXT DOORS &
01/05/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION           DECKS; MKB, KITCH=QUARTZ CTOPS, GRAYER SHAKER CABS, TILE
07/13/21 CRHC                                  BACKSPLASH, SS APPL
08/28/13 DMVM
01/09/13  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
03/22/11 KCVM
05/01/07 DLPO

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                           MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond     Market Value Notes
BARN-2STRY                         1,184    32 x 37          74   35.00   90           27,599 W/ STABLES              WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                            120    12 x 10         193   17.00   80            3,150
                                                                                        30,700
                                                                                                                            PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                     Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                     2024      $ 149,000    $ 14,800      $ 122,800
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 286,600
                                                                                                                     2025      $ 149,000    $ 14,800      $ 122,800
                                                                                                                                            Parcel Total: $ 286,600
                                                                                                                     2026      $ 294,500    $ 30,700      $ 187,000
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 512,200


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                               LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                   Site: GOOD Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography              Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   105    100 95 100 -- LEVEL              100     175,100  0 N      175,100
1F RES                      3.140 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  95 -- MILD               100      11,900  0 N       11,900
                            5.070 ac                                                                       187,000           187,000




                                                                             PAGE 356
Map: 000412   Lot: 000164   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1                 242 COLBY ROAD                     WEARE                  Printed:     08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                         TAXABLE DISTRICTS                      BUILDING DETAILS
                                   BOURGEOIS, LUC                            District    Percentage      Model: 2.00 STORY GAMBREL
                                                                                                           Roof: GAMBREL/ASPHALT
                                   242 COLBY ROAD                                                           Ext: VINYL SIDING/ABOVE AVG
                                                                                                             Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                        Floor: HARDWOOD/LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number:   1,937                                              Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 1.5         Fixtures: 5
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type           Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   05/06/26 EL05-174-26 ELECTRICAL            50 AMP PNL HOTUB             A/C: Yes 75.00 %                Generators:
                                   04/07/26 BP04-113-26 GARAGE                30X24 METAL GARAGE        Quality: A2 AVG+20
                                   06/05/06 BP-06-340-0 SHED                  10X12 SHED              Com. Wall:
                                                                                                       Size Adj: 1.1981               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                     Bldg. Rate:         1.4512
                                                                                                                                  Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 232.20
                                                                                                               BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                      ID       Description           Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                      ENT    ENTRY WAY                   16     0.10       2
                                                                                                      DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE              107     0.10      11
                                                                                                      BMU    BSMNT                      672     0.15    101
                                                                                                      FFF    FST FLR FIN                672     1.00    672
                                                                                                      UFF    UPPER FLR FIN              672     1.00    672
                                                                                                      GLA:    1,344                   2,139           1,458




                                                                                                         2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                          Market Cost New:            $ 338,548
                                                                                                                 Year Built:               1985
                                                                                                         Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     11 %
                                                                                                                   Physical:
                                                                                                                Functional:    WH           2%
                                                                                                                 Economic:
                                                                                                                Temporary:
                                                                                                         Total Depreciation:              13 %

                                                                                                             Building Value:                      $ 294,500
                                                                PAGE 357
Map: 000412      Lot: 000165         Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1                226 COLBY ROAD                          WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                            SALES HISTORY                                                   PICTURE
ANTOGNONI, JOSEPH MATHEW                  Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                          05/21/2025 9857 538    QI         600,000 CHAPMAN, ROBERT &
ANTOGNONI, APRIL LAUREN
                                          08/04/2021 9507 1683   U I 38           1 CHAPMAN, ROBERT G JR
226 COLBY ROAD


WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                               NOTES
12/17/25 RWVM V-SALE                      GRY; 1.5 ACRES WET; DNPU BOBHSE;FLAT TOPO TO WF;8/13 NOH; EST FPL
02/07/22 DMVM                             & PU PATIO; DNPU ICE SHACK;4/20 REVIEW FOR ACCESSORY DWELLING
01/05/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION      UNIT APPROVED 6/4/19. ADDRESS FOR IN-LAW APT WILL BE APT. A; 3/20;
03/04/20 DMPM                             HO NOT AROUND, DNVI; TALK TO TENANT, DNVI; NEW ROOF & WINDOWS
08/29/13 DMVM                             2019; EST INT; 2/22; NOH; WELL MAINT; PU EPF & OPF; CORR'D XFOB; 12/25;
01/09/13  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION      NOH; EXT COND=GD; WELL MAINT; CPT ENCLOSED, ADJ TO SHED,
03/23/09 DMVM                             COND=DIRT FLR;
02/16/06 DSUM

                                       EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                            MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                     Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
GARAGE-1 STY/ATTIC               1,188    36 x 33          73    55.00   90         42,928 ATT/HEATED                WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                          352    32 x 11         105    17.00   60          3,770 ATT TO GAR
SHED-WOOD                          396    33 x 12         100    17.00   80          5,386 ATT TO GAR
STABLES                            240    20 x 12         127    36.00   60          6,584                                 PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                    1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500 EST
                                                                                                                    Year       Building  Features    Land
PATIO                              392    28 x 14         101     7.00   60          1,663 EST/SNOW
                                                                                                                    2024      $ 237,200    $ 37,000      $ 147,700
                                                                                    65,800
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 421,900
                                                                                                                    2025      $ 237,200    $ 37,000      $ 147,700
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 421,900
                                                                                                                    2026      $ 367,300    $ 65,800      $ 179,300
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 612,400


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                           Site: GOOD Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography               Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
2F RES                  5.000 ac    172,000 F  110   105  100      95 95 -- MILD              100     179,300  0 N      179,300 POND
                          5.000 ac                                                                      179,300             179,300




                                                                         PAGE 358
Map: 000412   Lot: 000165   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1               226 COLBY ROAD                          WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                       TAXABLE DISTRICTS                          BUILDING DETAILS
                                   ANTOGNONI, JOSEPH MATHEW                District       Percentage     Model: 1.75 STORY CAPE
                                   ANTOGNONI, APRIL LAUREN                                                 Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   226 COLBY ROAD                                                           Ext: CLAP BOARD
                                                                                                             Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                        Floor: CARPET/HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:   451                                                Heat: GAS/HOT WATER
                                                               PERMITS                                Bedrooms: 4          Baths: 2.5        Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type        Notes                                 Extra Kitchens: 1        Fireplaces:
                                   10/20/21 EL-10-494-21 ELECTRICAL                                        A/C: No
                                                                            ELECTRICAL FOR MUD RM W/BP-04-118-21                          Generators:
                                   04/27/21 BP-04-118-2 MUDROOM             MUDRM 12FT 6"X11FT 6" & PORCH   12FT6
                                                                                                        Quality:  A1 AVG+10
                                   07/16/19 BP-07-442-1 ROOF                ADD ROOF OVER DECK       Com. Wall:
                                   07/16/19 BP-07-444-1 IN-LAW APT.         IN-LAW APT IN BSMNT 720 SQ. FT
                                   01/05/09 EL-01-06-09 ELECTRICAL                                     Size Adj: 0.9090
                                                                            ELECTRICAL W/BP-11-713-08 KITCHEN                        Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   01/05/09 MC-01-08-09 MECHANICAL          GAS PIPING & STOVE PROPANE                              Bldg. Rate:         0.9799
                                   01/05/09 PL-01-07-09 PLUMBING            PLUMBING W/BP-11-713-08 KITCHEN                      Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 156.78
                                                                                                               BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                         ID       Description          Area      Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                         TQF    3/4 STRY FIN              768    0.75    576
                                                                                                         FFF    FST FLR FIN              1240    1.00   1240
                                                                                                         BMF    BSMNT FINISHED            384    0.30    115
                                                                                                         OPF    OPEN PORCH                420    0.25    105
                                                                                                         CTH    CATHEDRAL                 256    0.10      26
                                                                                                         CRL    CRAWL SPACE               256    0.05      13
                                                                                                         DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE             128    0.10      13
                                                                                                         RBF    RAISED BSMNT              600    0.75    450
                                                                                                         EPF    ENCLOSED                  132    0.70      92
                                                                                                         ENT    ENTRY WAY                  20    0.10       2
                                                                                                         GLA:    1,816                  4,204          2,632




                                                                                                             2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                              Market Cost New:            $ 412,645
                                                                                                                     Year Built:               1982
                                                                                                             Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     11 %
                                                                                                                       Physical:
                                                                                                                    Functional:
                                                                                                                     Economic:
                                                                                                                    Temporary:
                                                                                                             Total Depreciation:              11 %

                                                                                                                Building Value:                   $ 367,300
                                                              PAGE 359
Map: 000412         Lot: 000186        Sub: 000018        Card: 1 of 1          194 ROLLING HILL DRIVE                    WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
          OWNER INFORMATION                                             SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
MATTICE, JESSICA                            Date       Book   Page   Type       Price Grantor
                                            06/25/2025 9865   2662   QI       665,000 WALLACE, SHAYNE
MATTICE, KALEB ET AL
                                            06/22/2022 9627   1085   QI       590,000 KEANE JR., MICHAEL
121 OLD POST ROAD                           11/15/2019 9232   2017   QI       407,000 BLUE PRINT HOMES, LLC
                                            11/15/2019 9232   2015   QV        60,000 ROLLING HILLS TRUST
NEWBURY , NH 03255             (ET AL.)
            LISTING HISTORY                                             NOTES
12/17/25 RWVM V-SALE                    BLUE; APPROVED 2/05, PLAN #33783; 8/16 LOTS 15,16,18,21,20,22 & 24 TO
01/08/20 ZBVL                           REMAIN IN CURRENT USE UNTIL SOLD AND THEN LUCT TO BE ISSUED;
08/27/13 DMVL                           1/20; LG ISLAND IN KIT, GRANITE C-TOPS, DBL WALL OVEN/MICROWAVE;
01/09/13  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION BTHS=TILE, PAINTED WD CABS; BSMT MOSTLY FIN, PUTTING CARPET IN 2
04/03/08 KMPR                           RMS; ELEC HEAT IN BMF; WOB; HO STATES BMF WILL BE 100% COMPL'D
05/02/07  JDPR                          BY 4-1-20; DNPU RM IN BMF AS BDRM=BELOW GRADE; 12/25; NOH; EXT
05/20/05  CNSL                          COND=GD; REAR EST=FENCED/SNOW; ADD IMG;

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                        MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate Cond      Market Value Notes
                                                                                                                   WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE

                                                                                                                         PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                  Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                  2024      $ 315,000          $0      $ 129,000
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 444,000
                                                                                                                  2025      $ 315,000          $0      $ 129,000
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 444,000
                                                                                                                  2026      $ 466,500          $0      $ 175,700
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 642,200


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                  LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                               Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography                 Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  2.680 ac    162,720 G  120   100  100     100 90 -- ROLLING             100     175,700  0 N      175,700
                            2.680 ac                                                                   175,700            175,700




                                                                            PAGE 360
Map: 000412   Lot: 000186   Sub: 000018         Card: 1 of 1          194 ROLLING HILL DRIVE                        WEARE               Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                              OWNER                         TAXABLE DISTRICTS                         BUILDING DETAILS
                                   MATTICE, JESSICA                           District        PercentageModel: 2.00 STORY COLONIAL
                                   MATTICE, KALEB ET AL                                                  Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   121 OLD POST ROAD                                                       Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                            Int: DRYWALL
                                   NEWBURY , NH 03255               (ET AL.)                             Floor:  LAMINATE/VINYL
                                       Account Number:                                                    Heat:  GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                                 PERMITS                             Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures: 9
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type          Notes                               Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   11/22/19 BP-11-757-1 FINISH BASEMENT      FINISH BSMNT PLYRM, FMLY RM &A/C:   Yes 100.00 %
                                                                                                             OFFICE                       Generators:
                                   07/24/19 BP-07-464-1 SINGLE FAMILY HOM SFH (2) STRY (3) BDRM W/ATT GAR
                                                                                                       Quality: A2 AVG+20
                                                                                                    Com. Wall:
                                                                                                      Size Adj: 0.8886               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                    Bldg. Rate:         1.0659
                                                                                                                                 Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 170.54
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                            ID       Description        Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                            GAR    GARAGE                  676     0.45    304
                                                                                                            UFF    UPPER FLR FIN          1084     1.00   1084
                                                                                                            FFF    FST FLR FIN            1084     1.00   1084
                                                                                                            BMF    BSMNT FINISHED          908     0.30    272
                                                                                                            BMU    BSMNT                   176     0.15      26
                                                                                                            ENT    ENTRY WAY                18     0.10       2
                                                                                                            DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE           192     0.10      19
                                                                                                            GLA:    2,168                4,138           2,791




                                                                                                               2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                                Market Cost New:           $ 475,977
                                                                                                                       Year Built:              2019
                                                                                                               Condition For Age:  GOOD          2%
                                                                                                                         Physical:
                                                                                                                      Functional:
                                                                                                                       Economic:
                                                                                                                      Temporary:
                                                                                                               Total Depreciation:               2%

                                                                                                                   Building Value:                  $ 466,500
                                                                 PAGE 361
Map: 000412      Lot: 000192        Sub: 000000         Card: 1 of 1              44 HOIT MILL ROAD                      WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                             SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
RYGIEL, DANIEL CHARLES                   Date       Book   Page    Type        Price Grantor
                                         08/22/2025 9882   1489    QI        369,900 LAPOINTE, LOUIS A
                                         07/10/2015 8769   1653   U I 49     115,000 ABEELS, SCOTT A
126 BEECH HILL ROAD                      03/23/2005 7428   880    U I 54             BOISVERT, W (MH)
                                         05/01/2003 6914   2146   U V 15      52,933 BOISVERT, WM
WEARE, NH 03281                          08/20/2002 6691   1032   U V 24      15,067 S WEARE MOBILE CO
            LISTING HISTORY                                             NOTES
02/05/26 DMPR                            WHITE;ZBA APPROVAL 8/6/02; LLA W/412-185.18, APPROVED 8/8/02, PLAN
12/17/25 RWVM V-SALE                     #31955; NOW PART OF HOIT MILL CLUSTER DEVELOPMENT A 20 LOT
03/27/25 DMPR                            SUBDIVISION WITH 1/20TH OWNERSHIP IN 51.24 ACRES OF COMMON
09/21/22 DMCL                            LAND;LAND V-STEEP BEHIND HSE; 7/22; NOH; PU LNTO & SHED; CHNGD
07/19/22 DMVM                            PRS TO SLB; 9/22; WELL MAINT; ORIG ROOF; FMICA/OAK CABS IN KIT; 3/25;
01/05/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION     PU EV CHARGER; 12/25; NOH; EXT COND=GD; RMV EV RES CHG; LNTO
08/20/21 CRHC                            ENCLOSED 2 SIDES=E-SHED, ADJ COND; 2/26; NOH; DNPU PORT GEN PLUG;
09/12/13 DMVM

                                      EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                          MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                    Units Lngth x Width Size Adj  Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                        120     10 x 12         193     17.00 100           3,937                        WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
HOIT MILL                           1                    100 10,000.00 100          10,000
SHED-EQUIPMENT                    65      5 x 13         306     11.00   75          1,641
                                                                                    15,600                              PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                 Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                 2024       $ 94,700    $ 51,100      $ 120,400
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 266,200
                                                                                                                 2025       $ 94,700    $ 51,100      $ 120,400
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 266,200
                                                                                                                 2026      $ 190,000    $ 15,600      $ 165,400
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 371,000


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                 LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                              Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  3.770 ac    167,080 F  110   100  100     100 90 -- ROLLING            100     165,400  0 N      165,400
                         3.770 ac                                                                     165,400            165,400




                                                                         PAGE 362
Map: 000412   Lot: 000192   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1              44 HOIT MILL ROAD                          WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                        TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   RYGIEL, DANIEL CHARLES                   District        Percentage    Model: 1.00 STORY DBL WIDE
                                                                                                            Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   126 BEECH HILL ROAD                                                       Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                              Int: WALL BOARD/DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                         Floor: CARPET/LINOLEUM OR SIM
                                      Account Number:    2,582                                              Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                                 PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures: 7
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type         Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   09/15/25 EL09-459-25 ELECTRICAL           200 AMP PNL, GEN HKUP,HOT TUBA/C:
                                                                                                             50AMP No                       Generators:
                                   03/12/25 EL03-102-25 ELECTRICAL           EV CHARGER                   Quality: A0 AVG
                                   07/01/03 EL-07-376-03 ELECTRICAL          EL-07-376-03;ELECTRICAL MFG.
                                                                                                      Com.HOME
                                                                                                            Wall: W/BP-05-221-03;R
                                   05/16/03 BP-05-221-0 MISCELLANEOUS        BP-05-221-03;MFG HOME;MFG. HOME;REPLACE MF HOME
                                                                                                        Size Adj: 1.1734               Base Rate: MHD 160.00
                                                                                                                                      Bldg. Rate:         1.1030
                                                                                                                                   Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 176.48
                                                                                                                BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                          ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                          DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE             16     0.10       2
                                                                                                          FFF     FST FLR FIN             1512     1.00   1512
                                                                                                          SLB     SLAB                    1512     0.00       0
                                                                                                          ENT     ENTRY WAY                 16     0.10       2
                                                                                                          GLA:     1,512                 3,056           1,516




                                                                                                              2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                               Market Cost New:           $ 267,544
                                                                                                                      Year Built:              2002
                                                                                                              Condition For Age:  GOOD        29 %
                                                                                                                        Physical:
                                                                                                                     Functional:
                                                                                                                      Economic:
                                                                                                                     Temporary:
                                                                                                              Total Depreciation:             29 %

                                                                                                                  Building Value:                   $ 190,000
                                                                 PAGE 363
Map: 000412      Lot: 000197        Sub: 000002         Card: 1 of 1                38 ELANOR WAY                        WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                             SALES HISTORY                                               PICTURE
LAFORTUNE, SHANA MICHELLE                Date       Book   Page    Type        Price Grantor
                                         07/01/2025 9868   106     QI        615,000 MCLAUGHLIN, ROBERT T
LAFORTUNE, MICHAEL P
                                         08/01/2016 8881   1611    QI        314,900 SWETT, CLINTON D
254 MAYFLOWER DRIVE                      06/18/2007 7861   1262    QI        305,000 BROOK SHIRE CROSSING L
                                         09/11/2006 7735   2875   U V 21     360,000 BROOKSHIRE LLC
MANCHESTER, NH 03104
            LISTING HISTORY                                              NOTES
02/10/26 DMPR                            CREAM; 04/06 PLAN#34365 29 LOT CLUSTER SUBDIV;CU REMOVAL
12/18/25 RWVM V-SALE                     2006;9/06 SALE=4 LOTS FOR 360,000; 7/16 QUALITY ADJ PER HEARING OF
10/26/22 DMVL                            ANOTHER AS INCONSISTENT; 4/17 PU SOLAR PANELS & SHED; 3/20; NOH;
07/26/22 DMVM                            EST UC FROM EXT; 2/21; NOH; EST INT WTR DMG HAS BEEN FIXED; 7/22;
01/05/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION     NOH; NC TO EXT; EST=GD; 10/22GRANITE/WD CABS IN KITCH W/ ISLAND,
02/04/21 DMPE                            CORR BMG SIZE, FLRING & BATH COUNT; 12/25; NOH; EXT AVG; NO
03/03/20 DMPR                            RECENT UPDATES NOTED; 2/26; NEW ROOF IN 2025;
04/06/17 DMPM

                                      EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                          MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                    Units Lngth x Width Size Adj  Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                   1                    100  5,500.00 100           5,500                        WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
BROOKSHIRE                          1                    100 20,000.00 100          20,000
SHED-WOOD                        120     12 x 10         193     17.00 100           3,937
SOLAR ELECT PANEL                 25                     100    400.00   85          8,500 ROOF/2016                    PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                    37,900                       Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                 2024      $ 271,700    $ 16,300      $ 116,800
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 404,800
                                                                                                                 2025      $ 271,700    $ 16,300      $ 116,800
                                                                                                                                        Parcel Total: $ 404,800
                                                                                                                 2026      $ 410,100    $ 37,900      $ 166,000
                                                                                                                                       Parcel Total: $ 614,000


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                             Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography               Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  1.205 ac    153,701 G  120   100  100     100 90 -- ROLLING           100     166,000  0 N      166,000
                         1.205 ac                                                                      166,000           166,000




                                                                         PAGE 364
Map: 000412   Lot: 000197   Sub: 000002       Card: 1 of 1               38 ELANOR WAY                           WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   LAFORTUNE, SHANA MICHELLE              District        Percentage    Model: 2.00 STORY COLONIAL
                                   LAFORTUNE, MICHAEL P                                                  Roof: GABLE OR HIP/STANDING SEAM
                                   254 MAYFLOWER DRIVE                                                     Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                            Int: DRYWALL
                                   MANCHESTER, NH 03104                                                  Floor: LAMINATE/VINYL/CARPET
                                      Account Number:                                                     Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                              PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 3           Baths: 2.5         Fixtures: 8
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type       Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   08/08/25 BP08-381-25 ROOF               METAL ROOF                     A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators:
                                   01/09/20 BP-01-04-20 REPAIR             WATER DAMAGE REPAIRS        Quality: A2 AVG+20
                                   09/13/16 BP-09-496-1 SOLAR ARRAY        (25) PNLS ROOF MNTD 7.75KW
                                                                                                    Com. Wall:
                                   09/06/16 BP-09-466-1 SHED               SHED 10'X12'
                                   10/31/06 EL-10-730-06 ELECTRICAL                                   Size Adj: 0.9538
                                                                           ELECTRICAL SFH W/BP-10-730-06                             Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                   10/26/06 PL-10-721-06 PLUMBING          PLUMBING SFH W/BP-12-282-05                              Bldg. Rate:         1.1778
                                   10/26/06 MC-10-722-0 MECHANICAL         GAS PIPE, WTR HTR                                     Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 188.44
                                                                                                              BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                        ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                        DEK     DECK/ENTRANCE            126     0.10      13
                                                                                                        FFF     FST FLR FIN             1214     1.00   1214
                                                                                                        UFF     UPPER FLR FIN            874     1.00    874
                                                                                                        BMU     BSMNT                    682     0.15    102
                                                                                                        BMG     BASEMENT                 514     0.20    103
                                                                                                        CTH     CATHEDRAL                322     0.10      32
                                                                                                        ENT     ENTRY WAY                 24     0.10       2
                                                                                                        GLA:     2,088                 3,756           2,340




                                                                                                            2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                             Market Cost New:            $ 440,950
                                                                                                                    Year Built:               2007
                                                                                                            Condition For Age: VERY GOOD       7%
                                                                                                                      Physical:
                                                                                                                   Functional:
                                                                                                                    Economic:
                                                                                                                   Temporary:
                                                                                                            Total Depreciation:                7%

                                                                                                                Building Value:                   $ 410,100
                                                              PAGE 365
Map: 000412         Lot: 000216        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1         29 NORTH RIVERDALE ROAD                     WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
COFFEY, GABRIELLE                           Date       Book   Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                            12/02/2025 9911   640    QI         445,000 BABICZ, ANTHONY J
CIVITELLA, NOAH
                                            05/19/2021 9471   1514   U I 38           1 BABICZ/PLAMONDON
29 NORTH RIVERDALE ROAD                     06/20/2018 9083   1060   U I 35     200,000 SECRETARY OF VETERANS
                                            03/20/2018 9057   1128   U I 37     103,133 FREEDOM MORTGAGE
WEARE, NH 03281                             03/16/2018 9056   2416   U I 51     187,466 FREEDOM MORTGAGE
            LISTING HISTORY                                                NOTES
02/10/26 DMVM V-SALE                        GRY;NEW ROOF ON GAR IN 2009; 9/13 ORIG KIT & BTHS; F.MICA C.TOPS W/
08/09/22 DMVM                               STAND CABS; 3/20; PU CPT IN BACKYARD; 8/22; ALL INFO FROM HO (MRS)
01/05/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        DNVI; DNPU STO CONT OR GRANITE FRNT STAIRS; CORR'D FLRING;
03/04/20 DMPM                               EXT=GD; 2/26; NOH; NC TO EXT; SOME HOLES IN EXT TRIM (BIRDS); SOME
09/10/13 DMVL                               BROKEN SEALS IN WINDS;
01/09/13  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
06/18/11 DMCL
05/05/11 KCVM

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond   Market Value Notes
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                      1                    100 5,500.00 100          5,500 WOOD STOVE INSERT        WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
CARPORT WOOD                        510     30 x 17          91    15.00 100          6,962
                                                                                       12,500
                                                                                                                          PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                   Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2024      $ 184,800     $ 8,100       $ 97,100
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 290,000
                                                                                                                   2025      $ 184,800     $ 8,100       $ 97,100
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 290,000
                                                                                                                   2026      $ 288,100    $ 12,500      $ 152,200
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 452,800


                                                LAND VALUATION                                                                LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                Site: AVERAGE Driveway: DIRT/GRAVEL Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography             Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.160 ac    153,335 F  110    100    100 95  95 -- MILD              100     152,200     0 N    152,200
                            1.160 ac                                                                    152,200            152,200




                                                                            PAGE 366
Map: 000412   Lot: 000216   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1      29 NORTH RIVERDALE ROAD                        WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                     TAXABLE DISTRICTS                          BUILDING DETAILS
                                   COFFEY, GABRIELLE                     District       Percentage    Model: 2.00 STORY GAMBREL
                                   CIVITELLA, NOAH                                                     Roof: GAMBREL/ASPHALT
                                   29 NORTH RIVERDALE ROAD                                               Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                          Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                     Floor: HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:   158                                             Heat: OIL/FA DUCTED
                                                              PERMITS                              Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 1.5         Fixtures: 5
                                    Date    Permit ID   Permit Type       Notes                                Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   12/10/19 BP-12-780-1 POLE BARN         POLE BARN 20'X30'             A/C: No                         Generators:
                                   02/14/06 MC-02-68-06 MECHANICAL        MC-02-68-06;NEW OIL BURNER FOR   HOME
                                                                                                     Quality:      - INSPECTED/A
                                                                                                               A1 AVG+10
                                                                                                  Com. Wall:
                                                                                                    Size Adj: 1.0153               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                  Bldg. Rate:         1.0945
                                                                                                                               Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 175.12
                                                                                                            BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                       ID       Description          Area      Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                       UFF    UPPER FLR FIN             816    1.00    816
                                                                                                       FFF    FST FLR FIN               816    1.00    816
                                                                                                       BMU    BSMNT                     816    0.15    122
                                                                                                       GAR    GARAGE                    484    0.45    218
                                                                                                       OPF    OPEN PORCH                234    0.25      59
                                                                                                       GLA:    1,632                  3,166          2,031




                                                                                                           2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                            Market Cost New:           $ 355,669
                                                                                                                   Year Built:              1975
                                                                                                           Condition For Age:  GOOD        17 %
                                                                                                                     Physical:
                                                                                                                  Functional:   WH           2%
                                                                                                                   Economic:
                                                                                                                  Temporary:
                                                                                                           Total Depreciation:             19 %

                                                                                                              Building Value:                   $ 288,100
                                                              PAGE 367
Map: 000412         Lot: 000243        Sub: 000001        Card: 1 of 1            42 TWIN BRIDGE ROAD                      WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                                SALES HISTORY                                              PICTURE
WALL, DANIEL MICHAEL                        Date       Book   Page    Type        Price Grantor
                                            10/31/2025 9902   2283    QI        600,000 KAPLAN, ARIEL L
WALL, MARTYNA MARIA
                                            03/08/2019 9151   0862    QI        350,000 PALYS, JAMES R&
42 TWIN BRIDGE ROAD                         02/20/2004 7171   721     QI        339,933 STEPHEN WEST CON
                                            08/21/2003 7040   1605   U V 38             WEST, STEPHEN
WEARE, NH 03281                             07/18/2003 6997   264    QV          60,000 LOOK-N-2-STORE
            LISTING HISTORY                                               NOTES
02/11/26 DMVM V-SALE                        GRAY;SUBDIV FROM 412-243, APPR 6/12/03, PLAN #32532 04/04 NEW HOME;
07/21/22 DMVX                               12/09 NOH CHANGED SLAB TO BMU = WINDOW;9/13 PU VLT & FPL & BMF;
01/05/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        3/19; PER MLS, NEW KITCH GRANIT; 2K/GAL SEPTIC SUPPORT 4 BEDRM;
09/13/13 DMVL                               2/26; ALL INFO FROM HO DNVI; NOTHING INCL IN SALE; EST PAT & COOP
01/09/13  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION        DUE TO SNOW;
12/10/09 DMVM
11/17/09  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
04/19/04 BHPM

                                         EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                         MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                       Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate     Cond   Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                           240     12 x 20         127    17.00 100           5,182                         WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
FIREPLACE 1-STAND                      1                    100 5,500.00 100           5,500 GAS
SHED-WOOD                            48       6x8           393    17.00   30            962 EST/COOP
PATIO                               220     10 x 22         133     7.00 100           2,048 EST                          PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                       13,700                      Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                   2024      $ 310,400    $ 10,100      $ 117,610
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 438,110
                                                                                                                   2025      $ 310,400    $ 10,100      $ 117,610
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 438,110
                                                                                                                   2026      $ 450,700    $ 13,700      $ 177,912
                                                                                                                                         Parcel Total: $ 642,312


                                                 LAND VALUATION                                                               LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RESIDENTIAL    Minimum Acreage: 1.93 Minimum Frontage: 200                                                     Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type                   Units    Base Rate NC Adj     Site Road DWay Topography             Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                      1.930 ac    159,600 F   110   100    100 100 95 -- MILD              100     166,800   0 N      166,800
1F RES                      3.070 ac     x 4,000 X  100                  90 -- ROLLING           100      11,100   0 N       11,100
WETLANDS                    0.554 ac     x 4,000 X  100                                           10         200 100 N           12 WET
                            5.554 ac                                                                    178,100            177,912




                                                                            PAGE 368
Map: 000412   Lot: 000243   Sub: 000001       Card: 1 of 1         42 TWIN BRIDGE ROAD                         WEARE                Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                    TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   WALL, DANIEL MICHAEL                 District        Percentage    Model: 2.00 STORY COLONIAL
                                   WALL, MARTYNA MARIA                                                  Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   42 TWIN BRIDGE ROAD                                                   Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                          Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                     Floor: CARPET/HARDWOOD
                                      Account Number:                                                   Heat: GAS/FA DUCTED
                                                             PERMITS                               Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.5         Fixtures: 10
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type     Notes                                 Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   08/21/03 BP-07-451-0 NEW BUILDING     BP-07-451-03                   A/C: Yes 100.00 %               Generators:
                                   06/24/03 SR-06-348-03 SEPTIC          SR-06-348-03;SEPTIC REVIEW Quality: A2 AVG+20
                                                                                                   Com. Wall:
                                                                                                    Size Adj: 0.8671               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                  Bldg. Rate:         1.0503
                                                                                                                               Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 168.05
                                                                                                            BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                      ID        Description         Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                      EPF     ENCLOSED                 170     0.70    119
                                                                                                      VLT     VAULTED                  322     0.05      16
                                                                                                      FFF     FST FLR FIN             1318     1.00   1318
                                                                                                      BMU     BSMNT                    616     0.15      92
                                                                                                      GAR     GARAGE                   506     0.45    228
                                                                                                      UFF     UPPER FLR FIN           1000     1.00   1000
                                                                                                      BMF     BSMNT FINISHED           682     0.30    205
                                                                                                      ENT     ENTRY WAY                 20     0.10       2
                                                                                                      GLA:     2,318                 4,634           2,980




                                                                                                          2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                           Market Cost New:           $ 500,789
                                                                                                                  Year Built:              2003
                                                                                                          Condition For Age:  GOOD        10 %
                                                                                                                    Physical:
                                                                                                                 Functional:
                                                                                                                  Economic:
                                                                                                                 Temporary:
                                                                                                          Total Depreciation:             10 %

                                                                                                              Building Value:                   $ 450,700
                                                             PAGE 369
Map: 000412      Lot: 000255        Sub: 000000        Card: 1 of 1               63 GUY'S LANE                       WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                         SALES HISTORY                                                PICTURE
BAXTER, MALORY                           Date       Book Page   Type       Price Grantor
                                         08/20/2025 9881 1724   QI       485,000 CAGGIANO, NICHOLAS J
                                         05/01/1991 5257 181    QI
63 GUY'S LANE


WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                             NOTES
02/04/26 DMPR                            BROWN; FIRE SPRINKLER SYSTEM;3/11 NOH BMF=EST ADD SHED,
12/18/25 RWVM V-SALE                     WALKOUT BSMT; 3/20; NEW BOILER 2019; 8/22; ALL INFO FROM HO (MRS)
08/05/22 DMVM                            DNVI; B/U HEAT (PELLET STV); EXT=GD; DNPU PERGOLA OR PORT GRN
01/05/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION     HSE OR HOT TUB; 12/25; INFO @ DOOR; EXT COND=GD; PU VINYL SIDING;
03/06/20 DMPR                            NEW SVC PANEL FOR PORTABLE GEN-NVC; 2/26; NOH; UPGRADED ELEC
08/22/13 DMVM                            TO 200 AMP SERV;
01/09/13  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
03/18/11 KCVM

                                      EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                       MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                    Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate   Cond   Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                         80      10 x 8         260   17.00 100          3,536                        WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
SHED-WOOD                        112      14 x 8         203   17.00 100          3,865
                                                                                  7,400
                                                                                                                     PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                              Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                              2024      $ 165,900     $ 4,400      $ 118,900
                                                                                                                                     Parcel Total: $ 289,200
                                                                                                              2025      $ 165,900     $ 4,400      $ 118,900
                                                                                                                                     Parcel Total: $ 289,200
                                                                                                              2026      $ 282,900     $ 7,400      $ 162,400
                                                                                                                                    Parcel Total: $ 452,700


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                              LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                           Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography             Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  3.010 ac    164,040 F  110   100  100     100 90 -- ROLLING         100     162,400  0 N      162,400
                         3.010 ac                                                                  162,400            162,400




                                                                      PAGE 370
Map: 000412   Lot: 000255   Sub: 000000       Card: 1 of 1                 63 GUY'S LANE                           WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                              OWNER                      TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   BAXTER, MALORY                           District        Percentage     Model: 1.75 STORY CAPE
                                                                                                            Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   63 GUY'S LANE                                                              Ext: VINYL SIDING
                                                                                                               Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                          Floor: LAMINATE/VINYL
                                      Account Number:   4,239                                                Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                                 Bedrooms: 3          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type         Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   09/09/25 EL09-441-25 ELECTRICAL           200 AMP SVC                     A/C: No                         Generators:
                                   11/27/19 MC-11-768-1 MECHANICAL           OIL BURNER REPLACEMENT Quality: A1 AVG+10
                                   04/28/06 EL-04-283-06 ELECTRICAL          EL-04-283-06;ELECTRIAL TO ABOVE    GROUND SWIMMING P
                                                                                                       Com. Wall:
                                   04/28/06 SW-04-282-0 SWIMMING POOL        SW-04-282-06;24 ROUND ABOVE GROUND SWIMMING POO
                                   05/29/03 BP-05-235-0 MISCELLANEOUS        BP-05-235-03;12X30 DECK     Size Adj: 1.1065               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                       Bldg. Rate:         1.1570
                                                                                                                                    Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 185.12
                                                                                                                 BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                           ID       Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                           FFF    FST FLR FIN               816     1.00    816
                                                                                                           BMF    BSMNT FINISHED            648     0.30    194
                                                                                                           DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE             492     0.10      49
                                                                                                           ENT    ENTRY WAY                  16     0.10       2
                                                                                                           BMU    BSMNT                     168     0.15      25
                                                                                                           TQF    3/4 STRY FIN              816     0.75    612
                                                                                                           GLA:    1,428                  2,956           1,698




                                                                                                               2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                                Market Cost New:            $ 314,334
                                                                                                                       Year Built:               1991
                                                                                                               Condition For Age: VERY GOOD     10 %
                                                                                                                         Physical:
                                                                                                                      Functional:
                                                                                                                       Economic:
                                                                                                                      Temporary:
                                                                                                               Total Depreciation:              10 %

                                                                                                                  Building Value:                    $ 282,900
                                                                PAGE 371
Map: 000412       Lot: 000255        Sub: 000001           Card: 1 of 1               73 GUY'S LANE                         WEARE            Printed:    08/11/2026
         OWNER INFORMATION                                               SALES HISTORY                                                PICTURE
                                         .
MEXCUR, JONATHAN                             Date       Book Page   Type         Price Grantor
                                             11/10/2025 9904 2951   QI         400,000 DECKARD, MONICA
TAYLOR, HEATHER
                                             11/17/2022 9667 827    QI         375,000 ARCAND III, FREDERICK J
73 GUY'S LANE                                01/08/2018 9041 2837   U I 33     235,000 WALIGURA, JOHN P
                                             01/12/2010 8170 398    U I 38             WALIGURA/WYATT
WEARE, NH 03281
            LISTING HISTORY                                                 NOTES
02/10/26 DMVM V-SALE                         BRN;BUILT IN SPRINKLER SYSTEM; TREE HOUSE DNPU; 2/19 NOH; NEW
08/05/22 DMVE                                SEPTIC '81; PU VU TREES HAVE BEEN CUT; 2/26; NOH; NC TO EXT; EST NEW
01/05/22  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION         ROOF; DNPU COOP=NV;
02/15/19 DMPR
08/22/13 DMVM
01/09/13  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION
11/25/09 KCVM
11/17/09  INSP MARKED FOR INSPECTION

                                       EXTRA FEATURES VALUATION                                                            MUNICIPAL SOFTWARE BY AVITAR
Feature Type                     Units Lngth x Width Size Adj Rate    Cond     Market Value Notes
SHED-WOOD                          80      10 x 8         260   17.00   60            2,122 NEXT TO DRVWY            WEARE ASSESSING OFFICE
                                                                                      2,100

                                                                                                                           PARCEL TOTAL TAXABLE VALUE
                                                                                                                    Year       Building  Features    Land
                                                                                                                    2024      $ 153,000     $ 1,200      $ 135,900
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 290,100
                                                                                                                    2025      $ 153,000     $ 1,200      $ 135,900
                                                                                                                                           Parcel Total: $ 290,100
                                                                                                                    2026      $ 239,700     $ 2,100      $ 170,400
                                                                                                                                          Parcel Total: $ 412,200


                                            LAND VALUATION                                                                 LAST REVALUATION: 2021
Zone: RURAL AGRICULTURAL Minimum Acreage: 5.00 Minimum Frontage: 250                                              Site: AVERAGE Driveway: PAVED Road: PAVED
Land Type               Units    Base Rate NC Adj    Site Road DWay Topography                Cond Ad Valorem SPI R Tax Value Notes
1F RES                  3.020 ac    164,080 F  110   100    100   100 90 -- ROLLING            100     162,400  0 N      162,400
VIEW                             HILLS, NARROW, TOP25, DISTANT                                 100       8,000             8,000
                          3.020 ac                                                                      170,400             170,400




                                                                           PAGE 372
Map: 000412   Lot: 000255   Sub: 000001       Card: 1 of 1                 73 GUY'S LANE                           WEARE                 Printed:    08/11/2026
              PICTURE                            OWNER                        TAXABLE DISTRICTS                           BUILDING DETAILS
                                   MEXCUR, JONATHAN                         District        Percentage      Model: 1.50 STORY CAPE
                                   TAYLOR, HEATHER                                                           Roof: GABLE OR HIP/ASPHALT
                                   73 GUY'S LANE                                                              Ext: CEDAR/REDWD
                                                                                                               Int: DRYWALL
                                   WEARE, NH 03281                                                          Floor: HARDWOOD/CARPET
                                      Account Number:   4,209                                                Heat: OIL/HOT WATER
                                                                PERMITS                                 Bedrooms: 2          Baths: 2.0         Fixtures:
                                    Date    Permit ID    Permit Type         Notes                                  Extra Kitchens:           Fireplaces:
                                   06/11/18 SE-06-270-18 SEPTIC              REPLACE SEPTIC ECA2018051021 A/C: No                            Generators:
                                   04/06/01 BP-04-134-0 NEW BUILDING         BP-04-134-01;FINISH UPSTAIRS, DORMER,
                                                                                                           Quality: A0DECK,
                                                                                                                       AVG BAY WI
                                                                                                        Com. Wall:
                                                                                                         Size Adj: 1.1902               Base Rate: RSA 160.00
                                                                                                                                       Bldg. Rate:         1.1665
                                                                                                                                    Sq. Foot Cost:       $ 186.64
                                                                                                                 BUILDING SUB AREA DETAILS
                                                                                                           ID       Description          Area       Adj. Effect.
                                                                                                           TQF    3/4 STRY FIN              768     0.75    576
                                                                                                           FFF    FST FLR FIN               768     1.00    768
                                                                                                           BMU    BSMNT                     768     0.15    115
                                                                                                           DEK    DECK/ENTRANCE             160     0.10      16
                                                                                                           ENT    ENTRY WAY                  12     0.10       1
                                                                                                           GLA:    1,344                  2,476           1,476




                                                                                                               2021 BASE YEAR BUILDING VALUATION
                                                                                                                Market Cost New:           $ 275,481
                                                                                                                       Year Built:              1991
                                                                                                               Condition For Age:  GOOD        13 %
                                                                                                                         Physical:
                                                                                                                      Functional:
                                                                                                                       Economic:
                                                                                                                      Temporary:
                                                                                                               Total Depreciation:             13 %

                                                                                                                  Building Value:                    $ 239,700
                                                                PAGE 373
      SECTION 7
SPREADSHEET ANALYSIS




        PAGE 374
                                                                                                                     Weare

                                                                                                              VACANT LAND


                      Annual Trend: 0.07% < 04/01/26 > 0.00%                                               Acreage Discount Minimum Acreage:      10.00                                             Excess Foot Frontage:   $100.00
                       Site Acreage: 1.930                                                                Acreage Discount Maximum Acreage:       250.00
          Est. Excess Acreage Value:    $4,000                                                          Acreage Discount Maximum Percentage:      50.00%

Location                                          Sale                                                 Excess Ac               Excess FF                 Site                                                                     Indicated
Map Lot Sub                       Date/Days        Price/Adjusted   Zn            Acres                  Value                   Value                  Value             Nhbd       Site   DWay    Road    Topo      Cond        Site Value
WINSLOW ROAD                           06/01/26          $200,000   07               15.200                $47,400                $50,000               $102,600              1.00   1.00    1.00   0.95      1.00      1.00          $108,000
000101 000125 000000                        -61          $200,000
WILDWOOD ROAD                          07/10/25          $107,000   02                5.569                $12,373                      $0                $94,681             0.90   1.10    1.00   0.95      0.85      1.00          $118,436
000404 000019 000000                        265          $107,054
EASTMAN WAY                            12/20/25          $170,000   07               10.057                $29,647                      $0              $140,386              1.20   1.10    1.05   1.00      0.95      1.00          $106,620
000409 000191 000007                        102          $170,033
EASTMAN WAY                            09/29/25          $170,000   07               10.072                 $2,970                      $0              $167,090              1.20   1.10    1.05   1.00      0.95      1.00          $126,901
000409 000191 000008                        184          $170,060
LULL ROAD                              09/30/24          $110,000   07                5.070                $11,932                      $0                $98,184             1.10   1.10    1.00   1.00      0.95      0.90           $94,905
000411 000358 000004                        548          $110,116

                                                                                          Average Indicated Site Value:                           $110,972

                                                                                           Median Indicated Site Value:                           $108,000

The sales indicate an undeveloped 1.93 acre site of $108,000. With a developed 1.93 acre site of $159,600, this results in an
undeveloped wooded factor of .677 ($108,000/$159,600). That is then divided by .90 (the undeveloped driveway constant) to
arrive at an undeveloped wooded factor of .75 and an undeveloped cleared factor of .85.
Values:
Adjusted Sale Price = Sale Price * (1 + (Days * Annual Trend% / 365))
Excess Ac Value = (Acres - Site Acreage) * Est. Excess Acreage Value * Parcel Acreage Size Adjustment * (Parcel Backland Acreage Cond / 100) * (Parcel Backland Topo / 100)
Excess FF Value = Parcel Excess FF * Excess Foot Frontage Value
Site Value = Adjusted Sale Price - Excess Ac Value - Excess FF Value
Indicated Site Value = Site Value / Nhdb / Site / Dway / Road / Topo / Cond




  Printed: 08/11/2026 11:11:59 am                                                                                    VACANT LAND


                                                                                                                     PAGE 375
                                                                                                               Weare

                                                                                                  DEVELOPED LAND VALUE


                          Annual Trend: 0.07% < 04/01/26 > 0.00%                                            Site Acreage: 1.930                                             Acreage Discount Minimum Acreage:   10.00
       Building Base Year/Depreciation:    2026/1.40                                           Est. Excess Acreage Value:   $4,000                                          Acreage Discount Maximum Acreage:   250.00
         Est. Building Square Foot Cost:   $160.00                                                  Excess Foot Frontage:   $100.00                                     Acreage Discount Maximum Percentage:    50.00%

Location                                       Sale                 Bldg   Year       Depreciation Bldg       Building       Features        Excess   Excess Ac Excess FF     Residual                                   Indicated
Map Lot Sub                     Date/Days       Price/Adjusted Zn   Rate   Built Cond* Age Other Sq. Ft.       Value          Value          Acres      Value     Value        Value     Nhbd Site Dway Road Topo Cond   Site Value
10 IRVING DRIVE                     07/15/25          $455,000 02   1.3608 1993 2.00    15    0    1,648       $304,993         $7,600        0.670     $2,546        $0       $140,088 1.10 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00       $127,353
000408 000113 000000                     260          $455,227
1097 RIVER ROAD                     11/03/25          $492,000 02   1.0057 1986 2.00    18    0    2,468       $325,647        $31,400        0.170       $612        $0       $134,482 1.10 1.05 1.00 1.00 0.90 1.00       $129,372
000406 000056 000000                     149          $492,141
124 OAK HILL ROAD                   06/19/25          $520,000 02   1.1791 1985 1.50    14    0    1,922       $311,833        $23,600        0.120       $408        $0       $184,444 1.10 1.00 1.00 1.00 0.95 1.00       $176,501
000411 000261 000000                     286          $520,285
128 BOGUE ROAD                      07/21/25          $390,000 02   1.0976 1988 2.50    21    0    1,891       $262,351           $700        0.330     $1,188        $0       $125,951 1.10 1.00 0.95 1.00 0.95 1.00       $126,871
000410 000228 000000                     254          $390,190
155 CLOUGH PARK ROA                 11/12/25          $479,000 02   1.2145 1985 1.50    14    2    1,807       $294,954        $31,700        3.070    $11,052        $0       $141,423 1.10 1.00 1.00 1.00 0.90 0.95       $150,370
000409 000095 000000                     140          $479,129
196 WALKER HILL ROA                 07/18/25          $546,000 02   1.0669 2001 1.50    11    0    2,470       $375,259         $1,700        3.070    $11,052        $0       $158,258 1.10 1.00 1.00 1.00 0.95 1.00       $151,443
000402 000101 000000                     257          $546,269
200 MOUNTAIN ROAD                   02/13/26          $630,000 02   0.8890 1976 1.50    15    2    3,889       $459,132        $10,600        2.770    $10,526        $0       $149,799 1.10 1.00 0.95 1.00 0.95 1.00       $150,893
000410 000045 000000                      47          $630,057
22 GREENWOOD ROA                    11/18/25          $435,000 02   1.1193 1986 2.00    18    0    2,248       $330,124         $1,100        0.070       $238        $0       $103,650 1.10 1.00 0.95 1.00 0.90 1.00       $110,207
000412 000080 000000                     134          $435,112
224 RIDGEVIEW ROAD                  05/16/25          $540,000 02   0.9861 1986 1.50    13    0    2,725       $374,047        $12,200        0.120       $432        $0       $153,652 1.10 1.00 1.00 1.00 0.90 1.00       $155,204
000411 000055 000000                     320          $540,331
242 COLBY ROAD                      12/02/25          $531,000 02   1.4512 1985 1.50    14    2    1,458       $284,370        $30,700        3.140    $11,932        $0       $204,120 1.10 1.05 0.95 1.00 1.00 1.00       $186,029
000412 000164 000000                     120          $531,122
25 BROWN RIDGE ROA                  07/21/25          $617,000 02   1.0891 1978 2.00    20    0    2,756       $384,200        $56,500        0.410     $1,558        $0       $175,043 1.10 1.05 1.00 1.00 0.95 1.00       $159,529
000408 000145 000000                     254          $617,301
28 BIRCHWOOD DRIV                   09/10/25          $512,500 02   1.0949 1987 1.50    13    1    2,029       $305,686        $20,000        0.270       $486        $0       $186,528 1.10 1.00 1.00 1.00 0.90 1.00       $188,412
000409 000067 000000                     203          $512,700
37 THORNDIKE ROAD                   07/02/25          $390,000 02   1.1061 1990 1.50    13    0    1,478       $227,566                 $0    0.500     $1,700        $0       $160,938 1.10 1.00 0.95 1.00 0.90 1.00       $171,120
000404 000176 000000                     273          $390,204
437 CONCORD STAGE R                 02/03/25          $485,000 02   1.1294 1983 2.00    18    0    2,115       $313,395           $400        3.740    $13,464        $0       $158,134 1.00 1.00 0.95 1.00 0.95 1.00       $175,218
000402 000115 000000                     422          $485,393
49 IRVING DRIVE                     07/31/25          $522,500 02   1.0507 1985 2.00    18    0    2,330       $321,195                 $0    0.070       $252        $0       $201,298 1.10 1.00 1.00 1.00 0.95 1.00       $192,630
000408 000081 000000                     244          $522,745
547 NORTH STARK HIG                 01/24/25          $465,000 02   1.2489 1970 2.00    21    0    1,711       $270,100        $38,700        0.590     $2,242        $0       $154,343 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 0.95       $162,466
000401 000097 000000                     432          $465,385
57 OAK RIDGE ROAD                   07/15/25          $460,000 02   0.9739 1981 2.00    18    0    2,815       $359,689         $5,500        0.130       $390        $0        $94,650 1.10 1.00 1.00 1.00 0.95 1.00        $90,574
000411 000268 000000                     260          $460,229
71 JOHN CONNOR ROA                  05/22/25          $470,000 02   1.0699 2002 2.00    14    0    2,040       $300,325         $4,300        0.420     $1,512        $0       $164,146 1.10 1.00 1.00 0.95 0.95 1.00       $165,345
000201 000097 000002                     314          $470,283
924 RIVER ROAD                      10/17/25          $567,000 02   0.9551 1988 2.00    17    0    2,735       $346,900        $20,900        0.090       $342        $0       $199,039 1.10 1.05 1.00 1.00 0.95 1.00       $181,398
000409 000083 000000                     166          $567,181
95 BARTLETT DRIVE                   04/07/25          $539,000 02   1.3925 1989 1.50    13    0    1,576       $305,486                 $0    0.420     $1,512        $0       $232,373 1.10 1.00 1.00 1.00 0.90 1.00       $234,720
000410 000035 000000                     359          $539,371
                                               *Building Cond Values: 1.00 = EXCELLENT 1.50 = VERY GOOD 2.00 = GOOD 2.50 = AVERAGE 3.00 = FAIR                4.00 = POOR    5.00 = VERY POOR

  Printed: 08/11/2026 11:09:33 am                                                                      DEVELOPED LAND VALUE


                                                                                                               PAGE 376
Location                                      Sale                      Bldg   Year       Depreciation Bldg       Building    Features   Excess   Excess Ac Excess FF   Residual                                   Indicated
Map Lot Sub                       Date/Days     Price/Adjusted Zn       Rate   Built Cond* Age Other Sq. Ft.       Value       Value     Acres      Value     Value      Value     Nhbd Site Dway Road Topo Cond   Site Value

                                                                                 Average Indicated Improved Site Value:                  $159,283

                                                                                  Median Indicated Improved Site Value:                  $160,998

The results indicate a base 1.93 acre site value of $161,000 (rounded). After testing against all sales, $160,000 was found to
be the best fit for the 2 acre site value, and $159,600 was placed on the 1.93 acre site.
Values:
Adjusted Sale Price = Sale Price * (1 + (Days * Annual Trend% / 365))
Building Value = Est Building Square Foot Cost * Bldg Rate * (1 - (Total Depreciation / 100)) * Bldg Sq Ft
Land Residual Value = Adjusted Sale Price - Building Value - Features Value - Excess Ac Value - Excess FF Value
Indicated Site Value = Land Residual Value / Nhdb / Site / Dway / Road / Topo / Cond




                                              *Building Cond Values: 1.00 = EXCELLENT 1.50 = VERY GOOD 2.00 = GOOD 2.50 = AVERAGE 3.00 = FAIR             4.00 = POOR   5.00 = VERY POOR

  Printed: 08/11/2026 11:09:33 am                                                                             DEVELOPED LAND VALUE


                                                                                                                   PAGE 377
                                                                                                             Weare

                                                                                                         RSA RATE


                         Annual Trend: 0.07% < 04/01/26 > 0.00%                                           Site Acreage: 1.930                                             Acreage Discount Minimum Acreage:       10.00
       Building Base Year/Depreciation:    2026/1.20                                         Est. Excess Acreage Value:   $4,000                                          Acreage Discount Maximum Acreage:       250.00
                   Buildable Site Value:   $159,600                                               Excess Foot Frontage:   $100.00                                      Acreage Discount Maximum Percentage:       50.00%

Location                                       Sale                                                     Adj Site          Features        Excess Ac    Excess FF   Bldg Residual   Bldg    Year       Depreciation         Bldg      Indicated
Map Lot Sub                     Date/Days       Price/Adjusted Zn Nhbd Site Dway Road Topo Cond          Value             Value            Value        Value        Value        Rate    Built Cond* Age Other           Sq Ft    Sq Ft Value
103 RENSHAW ROAD                    04/10/26          $650,000 05   1.10 1.00 0.95 1.00 0.90 1.00         $150,104          $51,400           $1,872          $0       $446,624    0.9536 1990     2.50   18        23      5,568      $142.57
000411 000108 000011                      -9          $650,000
123 HIGH ROCK ROAD                  04/16/25          $712,500 07   1.10 1.00 0.95 1.00 0.95 1.00         $158,443          $11,100          $11,818          $0       $531,617    1.0721 2024     2.50       2      0      2,970      $170.37
000409 000157 0008-1                     350          $712,978
19 SHADY HILL ROAD                  08/01/25          $665,000 02   1.10 1.00 0.95 1.00 1.00 1.00         $166,782            $5,500          $2,964          $0       $490,064    1.1781 2020     2.50       7      0      2,717      $164.63
000404 000168 000002                     243          $665,310
194 ROLLING HILL DRIV               06/25/25          $665,000 07   1.20 1.00 1.00 1.00 0.90 1.00         $172,368                   $0       $3,000          $0       $489,989    1.0659 2019     2.00       6      0      2,791      $175.22
000412 000186 000018                     280          $665,357
20 CORLISS DRIVE                    12/27/24          $700,000 02   1.10 1.00 1.00 1.00 0.95 1.00         $166,782          $55,200               $0          $0       $478,636    1.1083 2008     2.00   10         0      2,589      $185.34
000408 000069 000002                     460          $700,618
20 VIEW ROAD                        09/24/25          $530,000 07   1.10 1.00 1.00 0.95 0.95 1.00         $158,443            $7,700            $320          $0       $363,729    1.0974 1988     1.50   11         0      2,407      $154.72
000203 000089 000000                     189          $530,192
21 PERKINS POND ROA                 03/24/25          $675,000 07   1.10 1.00 1.00 1.00 0.95 0.90         $150,104            $5,500         $11,799          $0       $508,080    1.0561 2024     2.50       2      0      3,014      $162.88
000410 000053 000005                     373          $675,483
216 IRVING DRIVE                    05/21/25          $530,000 02   1.10 1.05 1.00 1.00 0.95 1.00         $175,121            $6,400            $252          $0       $348,547    1.3647 1994     1.50   10         0      1,608      $176.48
000408 000102 000000                     315          $530,320
233 NORTH STARK HIG                 12/09/25          $675,000 07   1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 0.90 1.00         $143,640                   $0       $1,800          $0       $529,706    1.0655 2007     2.00   11         0      3,388      $164.87
000201 000071 000001                     113          $675,146
296 ABIJAH BRIDGE RO                12/13/24          $629,900 07   1.10 1.00 0.98 0.95 0.95 0.95         $147,510            $5,500         $12,492          $0       $464,971    1.2429 2024     2.50       2      0      2,379      $160.46
000404 000009 000000                     474          $630,473
30 DEL'S WAY                        03/13/26          $460,000 02   1.10 1.00 1.00 1.00 0.95 0.95         $158,443            $6,200            $252          $0       $295,122    1.1397 1993     2.00   13         0      1,902      $156.49
000404 000049 000000                      19          $460,017
38 GENERAL KNOX ROA                 08/15/25          $541,000 02   1.10 1.00 1.00 1.00 0.95 1.00         $166,782            $5,500          $3,420          $0       $365,536    1.2218 2017     2.00       7      0      1,974      $162.97
000411 000162 000000                     229          $541,238
401 RIVER ROAD                      07/15/25          $570,000 02   1.10 1.00 0.95 1.00 1.00 1.00         $166,782          $21,200          $14,972          $0       $367,330    1.0084 2010     2.00   10         0      2,452      $165.07
000412 000037 000001                     260          $570,284
56 BEECH HILL ROAD                  09/26/24          $675,000 02   1.10 1.05 1.00 1.00 0.95 1.00         $175,121          $11,400           $8,496          $0       $480,698    1.0475 2024     2.50       2      0      3,002      $155.98
000403 000053 000000                     552          $675,715
61 MEADOW DRIVE                     06/25/25          $620,000 07   1.10 1.05 1.00 1.00 0.90 1.00         $165,904          $20,200           $1,440          $0       $432,789    1.0160 2007     2.00   11         0      3,272      $146.28
000402 000067 000004                     280          $620,333
863 RIVER ROAD                      05/29/26          $500,000 02   1.10 1.00 1.00 1.00 0.95 1.00         $166,782                   $0       $4,500          $0       $328,718    1.2453 2008     2.00   10         0      1,979      $148.20
000409 000059 000001                     -58          $500,000
92 JOHN CONNOR ROA                  11/26/24          $630,000 07   1.10 1.00 0.95 0.95 0.95 1.00         $150,521                   $0           $0          $0       $480,072    1.2270 2023     2.50       4      0      2,635      $154.67
000201 000091 000000                     491          $630,593

                                                                            Average Indicated Square Foot Value:                           $161.60

                                                                             Median Indicated Square Foot Value:                           $162.88

 Preliminary analysis indicates a SF cost of $163 (rounded). However, after testing against all sales, $160/SF was found to be
                                               *Building Cond Values: 1.00 = EXCELLENT 1.50 = VERY GOOD 2.00 = GOOD 2.50 = AVERAGE 3.00 = FAIR              4.00 = POOR    5.00 = VERY POOR

  Printed: 08/11/2026 11:16:46 am                                                                             RSA RATE


                                                                                                             PAGE 378
Location                                       Sale                                                               Adj Site       Features        Excess Ac     Excess FF      Bldg Residual   Bldg   Year       Depreciation   Bldg     Indicated
Map Lot Sub                        Date/Days     Price/Adjusted Zn Nhbd Site Dway Road Topo Cond                   Value          Value            Value         Value           Value        Rate   Built Cond* Age Other     Sq Ft   Sq Ft Value

 be a better fit.
Values:
Adjusted Sale Price = Sale Price * (1 + (Days * Annual Trend% / 365))
Adj Site Value = Buildable Site Value * Nhdb * Site * Dway * Road * Cond
Excess Ac Value = (Acres - Site Acreage) * Est. Excess Acreage Value * Parcel Acreage Size Adjustment * (Parcel Backland Acreage Cond / 100) * (Parcel Backland Topo / 100)
Excess FF Value = Parcel Excess FF * Excess Foot Frontage Value
Bldg Residual Value = Adjusted Sale Price - Adj Site Value - Features Value - Excess Ac Value - Excess FF Value
Indicated Sq Ft Value = Bldg Residual Value / Bldg Rate / (1 - (Total Depreciation / 100)) / Bldg Sq Ft




                                               *Building Cond Values: 1.00 = EXCELLENT 1.50 = VERY GOOD 2.00 = GOOD 2.50 = AVERAGE 3.00 = FAIR                       4.00 = POOR      5.00 = VERY POOR

  Printed: 08/11/2026 11:16:46 am                                                                                       RSA RATE


                                                                                                                      PAGE 379
                                                                                                                          Weare

                                                                                                                  MHD BASE RATE


                            Annual Trend: 4.70% < 04/01/25 > 0.07%                                                     Site Acreage: 1.930                                           Acreage Discount Minimum Acreage:    10.00
          Building Base Year/Depreciation:    2026/3.25                                                   Est. Excess Acreage Value:   $4,000                                       Acreage Discount Maximum Acreage:     250.00
                      Buildable Site Value:   $159,600                                                         Excess Foot Frontage:   $100.00                                    Acreage Discount Maximum Percentage:    50.00%

Location                                        Sale                                                                 Adj Site          Features    Excess Ac    Excess FF     Bldg Residual   Bldg    Year       Depreciation      Bldg      Indicated
Map Lot Sub                        Date/Days     Price/Adjusted Zn Nhbd Site Dway Road Topo Cond                      Value             Value        Value        Value          Value        Rate    Built Cond* Age Other        Sq Ft    Sq Ft Value
82 ANN'S DRIVE                       07/16/24          $293,000 07       1.10 0.95 0.95 0.95 0.95 1.00                 $142,995          $12,700      $12,280          $0         $134,797    1.2472 1999     2.50   42      0      1,173      $158.86
000403 000225 000000                      259          $302,772
86 SARGENT STN RD #                  09/26/24          $285,000 07       1.00 1.00 0.95 1.00 1.00 1.00                 $151,620          $41,500    -$151,620          $0         $250,363    1.1279 2007     2.00   29      0      1,904      $164.20
000412 000069 000071                      187          $291,863
732 CONCORD STAGE R                  10/22/24          $215,000 02       1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00                 $159,600          $56,900    -$159,600          $0         $162,557    1.2565 1994     2.50   46      0      1,314      $182.33
000403 000220 000122                      161          $219,457
732 CONCORD STAGE R                  06/17/25          $225,000 02       1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00                 $159,600          $49,900    -$159,600          $0         $175,067    1.3549 1996     2.00   36      0      1,243      $162.42
000403 000220 000132                      -77          $224,967
86 SARGENT STN RD #                  07/25/25          $210,000 07       1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00                 $159,600          $41,800    -$159,600          $0         $168,154    1.3659 1991     1.50   29      0      1,139      $152.23
000412 000069 000041                     -115          $209,954
732 CONCORD STAGE R                  07/31/25          $285,000 02       1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00                 $159,600          $76,100    -$159,600          $0         $208,834    1.0629 2003     2.50   39      0      1,881      $171.23
000403 000220 000133                     -121          $284,934
44 HOIT MILL ROAD                    08/22/25          $369,900 07       1.10 1.00 1.00 1.00 0.90 1.00                 $158,004          $15,600       $7,360          $0         $188,835    1.1030 2002     2.00   33      0      1,516      $168.55
000412 000192 000000                     -143          $369,799

                                                                                     Average Indicated Square Foot Value:                           $165.69

                                                                                      Median Indicated Square Foot Value:                           $164.20

 The sales indicate a value of $166/SF. However, in testing against all sales, this was overstated. The cost per SF was
 reduced to $160 and produced the best results for the entire class of property. This is largely attributed to the higher
 appreciation rate from 2024 into 2025 versus 2025 into 2026. More reliance was placed on the newer sales transactions.
Values:
Adjusted Sale Price = Sale Price * (1 + (Days * Annual Trend% / 365))
Adj Site Value = Buildable Site Value * Nhdb * Site * Dway * Road * Cond
Excess Ac Value = (Acres - Site Acreage) * Est. Excess Acreage Value * Parcel Acreage Size Adjustment * (Parcel Backland Acreage Cond / 100) * (Parcel Backland Topo / 100)
Excess FF Value = Parcel Excess FF * Excess Foot Frontage Value
Bldg Residual Value = Adjusted Sale Price - Adj Site Value - Features Value - Excess Ac Value - Excess FF Value
Indicated Sq Ft Value = Bldg Residual Value / Bldg Rate / (1 - (Total Depreciation / 100)) / Bldg Sq Ft




                                                *Building Cond Values: 1.00 = EXCELLENT 1.50 = VERY GOOD 2.00 = GOOD 2.50 = AVERAGE 3.00 = FAIR                      4.00 = POOR      5.00 = VERY POOR

  Printed: 08/11/2026 11:14:07 am                                                                                      MHD BASE RATE


                                                                                                                          PAGE 380
                                                                                                                          Weare

                                                                                                                  MHS BASE RATE


                            Annual Trend: 4.07% < 04/01/26 > 0.07%                                                     Site Acreage: 1.930                                           Acreage Discount Minimum Acreage:    10.00
          Building Base Year/Depreciation:    2026/2.75                                                   Est. Excess Acreage Value:   $4,000                                       Acreage Discount Maximum Acreage:     250.00
                      Buildable Site Value:   $159,600                                                         Excess Foot Frontage:   $100.00                                    Acreage Discount Maximum Percentage:    50.00%

Location                                        Sale                                                                 Adj Site          Features     Excess Ac    Excess FF    Bldg Residual   Bldg    Year       Depreciation      Bldg      Indicated
Map Lot Sub                        Date/Days     Price/Adjusted Zn Nhbd Site Dway Road Topo Cond                      Value             Value         Value        Value         Value        Rate    Built Cond* Age Other        Sq Ft    Sq Ft Value
40 BOG HILL ROAD                     05/31/24          $260,000 07       1.10 1.00 0.95 1.00 0.95 1.00                 $158,443          $14,600       $12,280          $0         $94,101    0.7933 1988     2.00   33      0      1,021      $173.40
000202 000026 000000                      670          $279,424
36 NORTH RIVERDALE                   08/28/24          $220,000 02       1.10 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00                 $175,560            $4,500           $0          $0         $54,193    0.8625 1974     2.50   50      0        977      $128.62
000412 000199 000000                      581          $234,253

                                                                                     Average Indicated Square Foot Value:                            $151.01

                                                                                      Median Indicated Square Foot Value:                            $151.01

 The sales used in this analysis are limited and older, however, all of the other manufactured housing sales are used in the
 development of the amenity value for each. The indication on these two sales is $151/SF. However, when tested against all
 sales, was found to be low. The base rate was found to be $160/SF.
Values:

Adjusted Sale Price = Sale Price * (1 + (Days * Annual Trend% / 365))
Adj Site Value = Buildable Site Value * Nhdb * Site * Dway * Road * Cond
Excess Ac Value = (Acres - Site Acreage) * Est. Excess Acreage Value * Parcel Acreage Size Adjustment * (Parcel Backland Acreage Cond / 100) * (Parcel Backland Topo / 100)
Excess FF Value = Parcel Excess FF * Excess Foot Frontage Value
Bldg Residual Value = Adjusted Sale Price - Adj Site Value - Features Value - Excess Ac Value - Excess FF Value
Indicated Sq Ft Value = Bldg Residual Value / Bldg Rate / (1 - (Total Depreciation / 100)) / Bldg Sq Ft




                                                *Building Cond Values: 1.00 = EXCELLENT 1.50 = VERY GOOD 2.00 = GOOD 2.50 = AVERAGE 3.00 = FAIR                       4.00 = POOR     5.00 = VERY POOR

  Printed: 08/11/2026 11:15:30 am                                                                                       MHS BASE RATE


                                                                                                                          PAGE 381
                                                                                                                           Weare

                                                                                                      174 SOUTH STARK AMENITY


                           Annual Trend: 0.07% < 04/01/26 > 0.00%




Location                                       Sale                                Building                          Features            Excess Ac        Excess FF         Site        Indicated
Map Lot Sub                       Date/Days     Price/Adjusted Zn                   Value                             Value                Value            Value          Value          Value
174 SOUTH STARK HW                  07/31/24          $115,000 07                      $75,600                              $4,900                   $0               $0           $0      $34,634
000412 000193 000011                     609          $115,134
174 SOUTH STARK HW                  05/27/26          $159,900 07                     $112,800                              $2,800                   $0               $0           $0      $44,300
000412 000193 000001                     -56          $159,900

                                                                                                 Average Indicated Value:                $39,467

                                                                                                 Median Indicated Value:                 $39,467

 The two sales indicate an amenity value of $40,000.
Values:
Adjusted Sale Price = Sale Price * (1 + (Days * Annual Trend% / 365))
Indicated Value = Adjusted Sale Price - Building Value - Features Value - Excess Ac Value - Excess FF Value - Site Value




  Printed: 08/11/2026 11:18:04 am                                                                              174 SOUTH STARK AMENITY


                                                                                                                       PAGE 382
                                                                                                                           Weare

                                                                                                                LYNDSEY LANE


                           Annual Trend: 0.07% < 04/01/26 > 0.00%




Location                                       Sale                                Building                          Features        Excess Ac        Excess FF         Site       Indicated
Map Lot Sub                       Date/Days     Price/Adjusted Zn                   Value                             Value            Value            Value          Value         Value
68 LYNDSEY LANE                     02/18/25          $588,000 07                  $431,500                         -$2,400                      $0               $0    $139,000      $20,359
000403 000181 000006                     407          $588,459    mini splits added after sale reduce -$8,300 added value
57 LYNDSEY LANE                     01/30/26          $450,000 07                  $291,100                               $0                     $0               $0    $139,400      $19,553
000403 000181 000004                      61          $450,053

                                                                                                 Average Indicated Value:            $19,956

                                                                                                 Median Indicated Value:             $19,956

 The indicated amenity for Lyndsey Lane is $20,000.
Values:
Adjusted Sale Price = Sale Price * (1 + (Days * Annual Trend% / 365))
Indicated Value = Adjusted Sale Price - Building Value - Features Value - Excess Ac Value - Excess FF Value - Site Value




  Printed: 08/11/2026 11:32:36 am                                                                                     LYNDSEY LANE


                                                                                                                       PAGE 383
                                                                                                                           Weare

                                                                                                    732 CONCORD STAGE AMENITY


                           Annual Trend: 0.07% < 04/01/26 > 0.00%




Location                                       Sale                                Building                          Features            Excess Ac        Excess FF         Site        Indicated
Map Lot Sub                       Date/Days     Price/Adjusted Zn                   Value                             Value                Value            Value          Value          Value
732 CONCORD STAGE R                 06/17/25          $225,000 02                     $180,500                               $9,900                  $0               $0           $0      $34,724
000403 000220 000132                     288          $225,124
732 CONCORD STAGE R                 07/31/25          $285,000 02                     $204,700                              $36,100                  $0               $0           $0      $44,333
000403 000220 000133                     244          $285,133
732 CONCORD STAGE R                 11/17/25          $188,533 02                      $82,500                              $39,700                  $0               $0           $0      $66,382
000403 000220 000135                     135          $188,582
732-7 CONCORD STAG                  05/15/26          $130,000 02                      $90,000                               $7,100                  $0               $0           $0      $32,900
000403 000220 000107                     -44          $130,000

                                                                                                 Average Indicated Value:                $44,585

                                                                                                 Median Indicated Value:                 $39,529

 The sales indicate an amenity value of $44,000 (rounded).
Values:
Adjusted Sale Price = Sale Price * (1 + (Days * Annual Trend% / 365))
Indicated Value = Adjusted Sale Price - Building Value - Features Value - Excess Ac Value - Excess FF Value - Site Value




  Printed: 08/11/2026 11:18:54 am                                                                            732 CONCORD STAGE AMENITY


                                                                                                                       PAGE 384
                                                                                                                           Weare

                                                                                                           86 SARGENT AMENITY


                           Annual Trend: 0.07% < 04/01/26 > 0.00%




Location                                       Sale                                Building                          Features          Excess Ac        Excess FF         Site        Indicated
Map Lot Sub                       Date/Days     Price/Adjusted Zn                   Value                             Value              Value            Value          Value          Value
86 SARGENT STN RD # 7               07/02/25          $149,933 07                     $108,000                              $5,900                 $0               $0           $0      $36,111
000412 000069 000007                     273          $150,011
86 SARGENT STN RD #                 07/09/25          $172,400 07                     $110,800                              $4,800                 $0               $0           $0      $56,888
000412 000069 000025                     266          $172,488
86 SARGENT STN RD #                 07/25/25          $210,000 07                     $184,200                              $5,800                 $0               $0           $0      $20,101
000412 000069 000041                     250          $210,101

                                                                                                 Average Indicated Value:              $37,700

                                                                                                 Median Indicated Value:               $36,111

 The sales indicate an amenity value of $36,000 (rounded).
Values:
Adjusted Sale Price = Sale Price * (1 + (Days * Annual Trend% / 365))
Indicated Value = Adjusted Sale Price - Building Value - Features Value - Excess Ac Value - Excess FF Value - Site Value




  Printed: 08/11/2026 11:20:03 am                                                                                 86 SARGENT AMENITY


                                                                                                                       PAGE 385
                                                                                                                           Weare

                                                                                                      COLLINS LANDING AMENITY


                           Annual Trend: 0.07% < 04/01/26 > 0.00%




Location                                       Sale                                Building                          Features           Excess Ac        Excess FF         Site        Indicated
Map Lot Sub                       Date/Days     Price/Adjusted Zn                   Value                             Value               Value            Value          Value          Value
40 COLLINS LANDING #                07/01/24          $332,000 07                     $232,800                              $5,500                  $0               $0           $0      $94,107
000401 000004 000006                     639          $332,407
62 COLLINS LANDING #                06/25/25          $400,000 07                     $263,300                              $5,500                  $0               $0           $0     $131,415
000401 000004 000049                     280          $400,215
62 COLLINS LANDING #                09/08/25          $400,000 02                     $256,100                              $5,500                  $0               $0           $0     $138,557
000401 000004 000063                     205          $400,157
62 COLLINS LANDING #                09/05/25          $400,000 07                     $252,200                              $5,500                  $0               $0           $0     $142,460
000401 000004 000047                     208          $400,160
35 COLLINS LANDING #                06/16/25          $352,500 02                     $244,000                              $5,500                  $0               $0           $0     $103,195
000401 000004 000035                     289          $352,695
35 COLLINS LANDING #                05/11/26          $370,000 02                     $254,800                              $5,500                  $0               $0           $0     $109,700
000401 000004 000029                     -40          $370,000

                                                                                                 Average Indicated Value:               $119,906

                                                                                                 Median Indicated Value:                $120,558

 The sales indicate the Collins Landing amenity should be $120,000. There are 10 or so condo units that are afforded a
 Lake View and as such, their amenity reflects this fact. We had no recent sales of those units, so I added what a similar
 view would be worth elsewhere in Town, as supported by sales of those properties, to arrive at a Collins Landing with
 view amenity of $145,000.
Values:
Adjusted Sale Price = Sale Price * (1 + (Days * Annual Trend% / 365))
Indicated Value = Adjusted Sale Price - Building Value - Features Value - Excess Ac Value - Excess FF Value - Site Value




  Printed: 08/11/2026 11:21:52 am                                                                             COLLINS LANDING AMENITY


                                                                                                                       PAGE 386
                                                                                                                           Weare

                                                                                                     ETTA LANE CONDO AMENITY


                           Annual Trend: 0.07% < 04/01/26 > 0.00%




Location                                       Sale                                Building                          Features           Excess Ac        Excess FF         Site        Indicated
Map Lot Sub                       Date/Days     Price/Adjusted Zn                   Value                             Value               Value            Value          Value          Value
24 ETTA LANE #3                     04/17/26          $240,000 02                     $185,000                                  $0                  $0               $0           $0      $55,000
000410 000142 000003                     -16          $240,000

                                                                                                 Average Indicated Value:               $55,000

                                                                                                 Median Indicated Value:                $55,000

 The indicated amenity for the Etta Lane Condos was found to be $55,000.
Values:
Adjusted Sale Price = Sale Price * (1 + (Days * Annual Trend% / 365))
Indicated Value = Adjusted Sale Price - Building Value - Features Value - Excess Ac Value - Excess FF Value - Site Value




  Printed: 08/11/2026 11:22:44 am                                                                             ETTA LANE CONDO AMENITY


                                                                                                                       PAGE 387
                                                                                                                           Weare

                                                                                                         FOX HOLLOW AMENITY


                           Annual Trend: 0.07% < 04/01/26 > 0.00%




Location                                       Sale                                Building                          Features         Excess Ac        Excess FF         Site       Indicated
Map Lot Sub                       Date/Days     Price/Adjusted Zn                   Value                             Value             Value            Value          Value         Value
35 FOX HOLLOW DRIV                  07/02/25          $590,000 02                     $363,400                              $1,000                $0               $0    $174,800      $51,109
000403 000089 000002                     273          $590,309
30 FOX HOLLOW DRIV                  03/05/26          $625,000 02                     $358,900                              $4,700                $0               $0    $179,700      $81,732
000403 000089 000029                      27          $625,032

                                                                                                 Average Indicated Value:             $66,421

                                                                                                 Median Indicated Value:              $66,421

The indicated amenity value is $51,000. However, more reliance was placed on the 2026 sale and an amenity of $80,000 was
used.
Values:
Adjusted Sale Price = Sale Price * (1 + (Days * Annual Trend% / 365))
Indicated Value = Adjusted Sale Price - Building Value - Features Value - Excess Ac Value - Excess FF Value - Site Value




  Printed: 08/11/2026 11:24:51 am                                                                                FOX HOLLOW AMENITY


                                                                                                                       PAGE 388
                                                                                                                           Weare

                                                                                                             HILBREN AMENITY


                           Annual Trend: 0.07% < 04/01/26 > 0.00%




Location                                       Sale                                Building                          Features         Excess Ac        Excess FF         Site       Indicated
Map Lot Sub                       Date/Days     Price/Adjusted Zn                   Value                             Value             Value            Value          Value         Value
62 HILBREN RD                       11/17/25          $529,900 02                     $374,500                              $14,200               $0               $0    $154,800      -$13,463
000110 000077 000012                     135          $530,037
53 HILBREN RD                       11/04/24          $625,000 02                     $426,400                              $12,700               $0               $0    $164,200      $22,315
000110 000077 000008                     513          $625,615
46 HILBREN RD                       12/20/24          $611,000 02                     $416,700                              $12,000               $0               $0    $162,000      $20,847
000110 000077 000017                     467          $611,547

                                                                                                 Average Indicated Value:              $9,900

                                                                                                 Median Indicated Value:              $20,847

 The indicated amenity for this Hilbren Road neighborhood was found to be $20,000.
Values:
Adjusted Sale Price = Sale Price * (1 + (Days * Annual Trend% / 365))
Indicated Value = Adjusted Sale Price - Building Value - Features Value - Excess Ac Value - Excess FF Value - Site Value




  Printed: 08/11/2026 11:25:29 am                                                                                   HILBREN AMENITY


                                                                                                                       PAGE 389
                                                                                                                           Weare

                                                                                                                HIPOINT BEACH


                           Annual Trend: 6.00% < 04/01/26 > 0.00%




Location                                       Sale                                Building                          Features         Excess Ac        Excess FF         Site       Indicated
Map Lot Sub                       Date/Days     Price/Adjusted Zn                   Value                             Value             Value            Value          Value         Value
178 RUSSELL DRIVE                   02/01/21          $550,000 02                     $232,900                              $2,200                $0               $0    $405,800      $79,525
000103 000024 000000                   1,885          $720,425

                                                                                                 Average Indicated Value:             $79,525

                                                                                                 Median Indicated Value:              $79,525

 Generally, we do not look back at sales this old, however, there are 7 properties that are all waterfront properties that
 have an interest in the Hi Point Beach. This is the most recent sale. Accounting for an average appreciation from 2021
 until 2025, and then almost nothing from 2025 into 2026, I estimated 6% per year. While on line sources indicate
 appreciating values of 40-50%, I have found that not to be true of the higher end properties. They have appreciated, just
 not at the same rapid rate and as such, 6% is a fair appreciation trend. While all of the homes have their own direct
 waterfront, they all lack a beach like Hi Point and it was found to add contributory value to each of the properties as most
 suffer from rocky and sloping topography conditions. The amenity for the beach was established at $80,000.
Values:
Adjusted Sale Price = Sale Price * (1 + (Days * Annual Trend% / 365))
Indicated Value = Adjusted Sale Price - Building Value - Features Value - Excess Ac Value - Excess FF Value - Site Value




  Printed: 08/11/2026 11:28:40 am                                                                                     HIPOINT BEACH


                                                                                                                       PAGE 390
                                                                                                                           Weare

                                                                                                            HOIT MILL AMENITY


                           Annual Trend: 0.07% < 04/01/26 > 0.00%




Location                                       Sale                                Building                          Features          Excess Ac        Excess FF         Site       Indicated
Map Lot Sub                       Date/Days     Price/Adjusted Zn                   Value                             Value              Value            Value          Value         Value
44 HOIT MILL ROAD                   08/22/25          $369,900 07                     $190,000                              $5,600                 $0               $0    $165,400        $9,057
000412 000192 000000                     222          $370,057

                                                                                                 Average Indicated Value:               $9,057

                                                                                                 Median Indicated Value:                $9,057

 The one sales indicates an amenity of $10,000 (rounded to the nearest 1000th).
Values:
Adjusted Sale Price = Sale Price * (1 + (Days * Annual Trend% / 365))
Indicated Value = Adjusted Sale Price - Building Value - Features Value - Excess Ac Value - Excess FF Value - Site Value




  Printed: 08/11/2026 11:30:36 am                                                                                  HOIT MILL AMENITY


                                                                                                                       PAGE 391
                                                                                                                           Weare

                                                                                                                  HOLLY HILL


                           Annual Trend: 0.07% < 04/01/26 > 0.00%




Location                                       Sale                                Building                          Features           Excess Ac        Excess FF         Site       Indicated
Map Lot Sub                       Date/Days     Price/Adjusted Zn                   Value                             Value               Value            Value          Value         Value
62 HOLLY HILL FARM R                05/14/24          $615,000 07                     $427,700                               $5,500                 $0               $0    $175,400        $7,210
000405 000073 000008                     687          $615,810
84 HOLLY HILL FARM R                08/01/25          $638,000 07                     $444,400                                $400                  $0               $0    $174,200      $19,297
000405 000073 000011                     243          $638,297
68 HOLLY HILL FARM R                08/07/25          $623,000 07                     $432,200                                  $0                  $0               $0    $192,700       -$1,617
000405 000073 000009                     237          $623,283

                                                                                                 Average Indicated Value:                $8,297

                                                                                                 Median Indicated Value:                 $7,210

The sales indicate a range of amenity from a negative $1,600 to a positive $18,300. As such, the amenity was set at $7,000.
Values:
Adjusted Sale Price = Sale Price * (1 + (Days * Annual Trend% / 365))
Indicated Value = Adjusted Sale Price - Building Value - Features Value - Excess Ac Value - Excess FF Value - Site Value




  Printed: 08/11/2026 11:31:45 am                                                                                          HOLLY HILL


                                                                                                                       PAGE 392
                                                                                                                           Weare

                                                                                                       OLD TOWN ROAD AMENITY


                           Annual Trend: 0.07% < 04/01/26 > 0.00%




Location                                       Sale                                Building                          Features          Excess Ac        Excess FF         Site        Indicated
Map Lot Sub                       Date/Days     Price/Adjusted Zn                   Value                             Value              Value            Value          Value          Value
139B OLD TOWN ROA                   11/12/25          $375,000 02                     $237,700                              -$6,600                $0               $0           $0     $144,001
000109 000053 00002B                     140          $375,101

                                                                                                 Average Indicated Value:              $144,001

                                                                                                 Median Indicated Value:               $144,001

 The indicated amenity for Old Town Road Condos is $144,000.
Values:
Adjusted Sale Price = Sale Price * (1 + (Days * Annual Trend% / 365))
Indicated Value = Adjusted Sale Price - Building Value - Features Value - Excess Ac Value - Excess FF Value - Site Value




  Printed: 08/11/2026 11:34:42 am                                                                              OLD TOWN ROAD AMENITY


                                                                                                                       PAGE 393
                                                                                                                           Weare

                                                                                                           QUAKER ST AMENITY


                           Annual Trend: 0.07% < 04/01/26 > 0.00%




Location                                       Sale                                Building                          Features         Excess Ac        Excess FF         Site       Indicated
Map Lot Sub                       Date/Days     Price/Adjusted Zn                   Value                             Value             Value            Value          Value         Value
220 A QUAKER STREE                  02/11/25          $390,000 02                     $289,500                             -$15,000               $0               $0     $63,100      $52,710
000405 000002 00000A                     414          $390,310
220 B QUAKER STREE                  03/24/25          $375,000 02                     $289,500                             -$15,000               $0               $0     $63,100      $37,668
000405 000002 00000B                     373          $375,268

                                                                                                 Average Indicated Value:             $45,189

                                                                                                 Median Indicated Value:              $45,189

 The amenity based on the two sales indicates $30,000.
Values:
Adjusted Sale Price = Sale Price * (1 + (Days * Annual Trend% / 365))
Indicated Value = Adjusted Sale Price - Building Value - Features Value - Excess Ac Value - Excess FF Value - Site Value




  Printed: 08/11/2026 11:35:33 am                                                                                 QUAKER ST AMENITY


                                                                                                                       PAGE 394
                                                                                                         Weare
                                                                                         DANIELS LAKE BASE VALUE

                      Annual Trend: 0.07% < 04/01/26 > 0.00%




Location                              Sale                    Building        Features     Excess Ac     Excess FF       Site       Waterfront          WF      WF       WF     WF      WF     WF    Indicated
Map Lot Sub                  Date/Days Price/Adjusted Zn       Value           Value         Value         Value        Value       Residual            Feet   Ft Fctr   Axs    Lctn   Topo   Cond   WF Value
53 OLD TOWN ROAD              11/08/24      $549,900 02         $354,900         $16,000       $2,400            $0     $166,800           $10,337        10   0.50      0.35   1.00   1.00   1.00     $59,069
000110 000009 000007               509      $550,437                                                                                Water Body:      DANIELS LAKE

23 OLD TOWN ROAD              11/18/25      $625,000 02         $410,000         $14,400         $800            $0     $184,300           $15,661        10   0.50      0.35   1.00   1.00   1.00     $89,491
000110 000009 000001               134      $625,161                                                                                Water Body:      DANIELS LAKE

93 DANIELS ROAD               06/26/26      $465,000 02         $230,100          $4,800            $0           $0      $96,100       $134,000           62   0.70      1.15   1.00   0.95   1.05    $166,877
000110 000083 000000               -86      $465,000                                                                                Water Body:      DANIELS LAKE

                                                                    Average Indicated Waterfront Value:                         $105,146
                                                                     Median Indicated Waterfront Value:                          $89,491

 The first two sales noted are water access properties only and provide an indication of the water access value. The last
 sale is a waterfront property that indicates a base of $166,000. However, in testing, the base was set at $175,000 and
 adjustments applied to account for all of the different site specific conditions. The breakdown of those adjustments can
 be found in the codes and adjustments section of this report.
Values:
Adjusted Sale Price = Sale Price * (1 + (Days * Annual Trend% / 365))
WF Residual Value = Adjusted Sale Price - Building Value - Features Value - Excess Ac Value - Excess FF Value - Site Value
Indicated WF Value = WF Residual Value / WF FF Fctr / WF Axs / WF Lctn / WF Topo / WF Cond




  Printed: 08/11/2026 3:56:56 pm                                                              DANIELS LAKE BASE VALUE

                                                                                                         PAGE 395
                                                                                                     Weare
                                                                                    LAKE HORACE BASE VALUE

                     Annual Trend: 0.07% < 04/01/26 > 0.00%




Location                            Sale                 Building        Features        Excess Ac   Excess FF     Site       Waterfront         WF      WF       WF     WF      WF     WF    Indicated
Map Lot Sub                Date/Days Price/Adjusted Zn    Value           Value            Value       Value      Value       Residual           Feet   Ft Fctr   Axs    Lctn   Topo   Cond   WF Value
326 RESERVOIR DRIV          04/15/24     $550,000 02      $214,000          $91,200             $0           $0   $135,000       $110,555          400  1.13      0.85   0.40   0.95   1.00    $302,899
000101 000105 000000             716     $550,755                                                                             Water Body:      LAKE HORACE

294 RESERVOIR DRIV          04/19/24     $855,000 02      $543,600           $4,200             $0           $0   $155,100       $153,267          240  1.11      0.85   0.40   0.95   1.00    $427,487
000101 000111 000000             712     $856,167                                                                             Water Body:      LAKE HORACE

77 WINTER ROAD              08/16/24     $620,000 02      $170,300                  $0          $0           $0    $90,400       $360,005          115  1.02      1.15   1.00   1.00   1.00    $306,910
000106 000058 000000             593     $620,705                                                                             Water Body:      LAKE HORACE

35 PUTNEY BROOK ROA11/18/24              $880,000 02      $506,600          $17,300             $0           $0    $94,000       $262,942          100  1.00      0.95   1.00   0.95   1.00    $291,348
000101 000078 000000    499              $880,842                                                                             Water Body:      LAKE HORACE

19 BEAL ROAD                04/09/25     $593,000 02      $230,400           $6,900             $0           $0   $100,600       $255,506          202  1.10      0.85   0.70   0.95   1.00    $410,930
000107 000064 000000             357     $593,406                                                                             Water Body:      LAKE HORACE

228 RUSSELL DRIVE           04/30/25   $1,250,000 07      $579,400           $8,400             $0           $0   $116,500       $546,505          256  1.11      1.15   1.00   0.95   1.00    $450,661
000103 000031 000000             336   $1,250,805                                                                             Water Body:      LAKE HORACE

127 BRANCH ROAD             07/07/25     $549,900 02      $335,600           $9,600             $0           $0   $102,600       $102,383           10  0.50      0.50   1.00   1.00   1.00    $409,532
000106 000012 000000             268     $550,183                                                                             Water Body:      LAKE HORACE

149 BRANCH ROAD             09/10/25     $260,000 02                $0      $69,100             $0           $0    $82,400       $108,601           10  0.50      0.50   1.00   1.00   1.00    $434,404
000106 000015 000000             203     $260,101                                                                             Water Body:      LAKE HORACE

108 EAST SHORE DRIV 12/08/25             $780,000 02      $340,300          $17,600             $0           $0    $92,100       $330,171           74  0.79      1.15   1.00   1.00   1.00    $363,424
000104 000004 000000     114             $780,171                                                                             Water Body:      LAKE HORACE

107 BRANCH ROAD             01/13/26     $525,933 02      $325,900           $5,500             $0           $0   $101,000           $93,612        10  0.50      0.50   1.00   1.00   1.00    $374,448
000106 000008 000000              78     $526,012                                                                             Water Body:      LAKE HORACE

                                                              Average Indicated Waterfront Value:                         $377,204
                                                               Median Indicated Waterfront Value:                         $391,990

 The results indicate a base rate for Lake Horace to be an average of $377,000 (rounded) or a median of $382,000
 (rounded). After further analysis and testing, it was found that adjusting the base rate to $375,000, and further adjusting
 for linear feet, location, and topography was the best indicator for market value. A list of the specific codes and
 adjustments applied to waterfront properties can be found in the codes and adjustments section of this report.

  Printed: 08/11/2026 4:02:38 pm                                                           LAKE HORACE BASE VALUE

                                                                                                     PAGE 396
Location                                  Sale                 Building       Features     Excess Ac     Excess FF        Site   Waterfront   WF      WF       WF    WF      WF     WF    Indicated
Map Lot Sub                    Date/Days Price/Adjusted Zn      Value          Value          Value        Value         Value   Residual     Feet   Ft Fctr   Axs   Lctn   Topo   Cond   WF Value
Values:
Adjusted Sale Price = Sale Price * (1 + (Days * Annual Trend% / 365))
WF Residual Value = Adjusted Sale Price - Building Value - Features Value - Excess Ac Value - Excess FF Value - Site Value
Indicated WF Value = WF Residual Value / WF FF Fctr / WF Axs / WF Lctn / WF Topo / WF Cond




  Printed: 08/11/2026 4:02:39 pm                                                              LAKE HORACE BASE VALUE

                                                                                                       PAGE 397
                                                                                                                       Weare

                                                                                                      RIVERFRONT BASE VALUE


                           Annual Trend: 0.07% < 04/01/26 > 0.00%




Location                                       Sale                     Building         Features       Excess Ac       Excess FF    Site       Waterfront           WF      WF       WF    WF      WF     WF    Indicated
Map Lot Sub                      Date/Days      Price/Adjusted Zn        Value            Value           Value           Value     Value       Residual             Feet   Ft Fctr   Axs   Lctn   Topo   Cond   WF Value
407 RIVERDALE ROAD                  09/11/24          $451,000 04         $335,300            $17,000             $0           $0   $134,200           -$35,010          1   0.25   0.85    1.00   0.95   1.00    -$173,424
000412 000130 000000                     567          $451,490                                                                                 Water Body:        PISCATAQUOG RIVER

21 RIVER ROAD                       04/01/25          $352,500 04         $221,900             $1,800             $0           $0   $131,700            -$2,653          1   0.25   0.85    1.00   0.95   1.00      -$13,142
000412 000132 000000                     365          $352,747                                                                                 Water Body:        PISCATAQUOG RIVER

1747 RIVER ROAD                     10/23/25          $520,000 07         $290,700            $42,300       $10,300            $0   $189,200           -$12,340          1   0.25   0.85    1.00   0.95   1.00      -$61,127
000202 000158 000000                     160          $520,160                                                                                 Water Body:        PISCATAQUOG RIVER


                                                                                   Average Indicated Waterfront Value:                      -$82,564

                                                                                   Median Indicated Waterfront Value:                       -$61,127

The results indicate an average base rate of $85,000 (rounded) and a median of $29,000 (rounded). Giving more weight to
the newer sales, a final value of $40,000 was arrived at.
Values:
Adjusted Sale Price = Sale Price * (1 + (Days * Annual Trend% / 365))
WF Residual Value = Adjusted Sale Price - Building Value - Features Value - Excess Ac Value - Excess FF Value - Site Value
Indicated WF Value = WF Residual Value / WF FF Fctr / WF Axs / WF Lctn / WF Topo / WF Cond




  Printed: 08/11/2026 11:43:37 am                                                                             RIVERFRONT BASE VALUE


                                                                                                                       PAGE 398
                                        SECTION 8
                                      FIELD REVIEW
Preliminary values were established based on the cost tables developed and tested via the statistical
analysis. The statistical results and preliminary values were reviewed with the local authority,
discussing neighborhoods, the sales basis for land and building cost tables, the preliminary sales
charts, base values and resulting statistics of all sales along with graphs. A report of all preliminary
values in town is also reviewed with the local authority showing the overall value of the town, as
well as individual values for their comment.

Then the job supervisor and one other assessor reviewed each parcel again for final “form and fit”
testing. This review is generally done from the road or driveway checking the exterior to ensure
the property structure, quality, condition and depreciation, as well as review the visible site, the
lister’s notes and picture of the property.

This is a slow, time consuming process that improves consistency from lot to lot and neighborhood
to neighborhood, making all subjective considerations of one experienced supervisor. We find this
extra effort improves the overall job quality and consistency. When anomalies are noticed, another
inspection is made to correct or verify the situation.

A. Property Specific Adjustment Guidelines
Land Adjustments - Add adjustments or delete those not used.


 Type                                       Adjustment       Guideline
 Cemetery Lots                              -75              (25 Land Condition) Limited use
 Commercial Use                             +25 - +300%      (125 to 400 Land Condition) Depending
                                                             on how extensive the use.
 Conservation Easement                      -75%             (25 Land Condition)
 Cost to Develop (CTD)                      -60%             (40 Land Condition) Used on “A & B”
                                                             (below average) neighborhood
                                                             locations. An A neighbor exists only on
                                                             paper, and road construction is needed,
                                                             and a B neighborhood is not much
                                                             ahead of the A, typically a horse cart
                                                             type path through the woods requiring
                                                             road development.
 Cost to Develop (CTD)                      -40%             (60 Land Condition) Used on “C”
                                                             (below average) neighborhood
                                                             locations. While below average/private
                                                             and/or Class VI these roads are
                                                             generally more maintained and drivable
                                                             than their A and B counterparts.
 Current Use Wetlands                       -90%             (10 Land Condition)
 In-Law Apartment/2-4 Family                +0%              (100 Land Condition)
 Less than Average Access (ACC)             Varies           Dependent upon severity. Typically,
                                                             -5% to -15% (85 to 95 Land Condition)




                                               PAGE 399
 Location (LOC)                            Varies           Dependent upon severity. Typically,
                                                            -5% to -15% (85 to 95 Land Condition)
 Mixed Use or Use/Loc                      +25%             (125 Land Condition) applied to
                                                            commercial properties that also have a
                                                            residential dwelling unit or an inferior
                                                            commercial location off the main drag
                                                            with limited access/visibility.
 Not Buildable (NBD)                       -90%             (10 Land Condition)
 Outbuilding Only                          -75%             (25 Land Condition) Applied to
                                                            fractional acreage lots with only an
                                                            outbuilding(s) on it and are insufficient
                                                            for additional development.
 Recreational Use Only Lots                -75%             (25 Land Condition)
 Road Bisects Lot                          Varies           Dependent upon severity. Typically,
                                                            -5% to -10% (90 to 95 Land Condition)
 Power Line Easement (PLE)                 Varies           Dependent upon severity.
 ROW Across Lot to Access Another          Varies           Dependent upon severity. Typically,
                                                            -5% to -10% (90 to 95 Land Condition)
 Second or Third Site (w/Sep. Utilities)   +0%              (100 Land Condition)
 Septic Lot                                -90%             (10 Land Condition) applied to
                                                            fractional acreage lots that support
                                                            merely a septic system. Generally seen
                                                            across the road from small waterfront
                                                            lots.
 Shared Driveway/Access (SHDW)             -5% to -10%      Dependent on size & impact. Typically,
                                                            -5% to -10% (90 to 95 Land Condition)
 Topography (TOPO)                         Varies           Dependent upon severity. Defined in
                                                            Section 9. Preliminary Valuation Tables
 Undeveloped Driveway                      -10%             (90 Site Modifier)
 Part Paved Driveway                       -2%              (98 Driveway Modifier)
 Gravel Driveway                           -5%              (95 Driveway Modifier)
 Gravel Roadway                            -5%              (95 Roadway Modifier)
 Undeveloped Land – Cleared Lot            -15%             (85 Site Modifier)
 Undeveloped Land – Wooded Lot             -25%             (75 Site Modifier)
 Common Land                               -100%            (0 Land Condition) Value inherent in
                                                            individual lots.

Building Adjustments
 Type                         Adjustment          Guideline
 Close to Road (CTR)          -5% to - 10%        This adjustment is applied to homes that are
                                                  abnormally close to the road.
 Common Wall (CW)             -2% to -4%          This adjustment is applied to condominiums where
 i.e. “End Unit, Mid Unit”                        there is a shared/common wall between them.
                                                  “END UNIT” -2%, “MID UNIT” -4%
 Dirt Basement (DB)           -1%+                May be greater depending on severity
 Layout & Design (LOD)        -5% to -10%         This adjustment is applied to primary structures
                                                  with living area above a garage, and/or where there




                                              PAGE 400
                                     are other unique negative characteristics with the
                                     design and our layout of the building.
Location (LOC)       -5% to -10%     For properties located next to unsightly properties
                                     or C/I properties, i.e. gravel pit or generally
                                     inferior location for type of property.
Low Basement (LB)    -1%+            May be greater depending on severity. A basement
                                     with low headroom (less than 5’).
Misc/C-Notes         Varies          Buildings require depreciation for many items. The
                                     overall condition of the home usually accounts for
                                     the majority of normal wear and tear items, but
                                     often depreciation is needed to account for issues
                                     that are short lived and have a cost to cure
                                     associated with them, i.e. roof and siding.
                                     Properties may have a combination of depreciation
                                     adjustments applied and noted “C-Notes.
Shared Well/Septic   -5%             Applied to the building depreciation to account for
                                     the issues with sharing utilities and limited
                                     capabilities of such systems.
Spiral Stairs        -1%             Applied to building depreciation to account for the
                                     limited access/functionality to the upper floors.
Wall Height (WH)     -1% to -3%      Dependent on severity. This adjustment is
                                     typically seen on gambrel style dwellings as there
                                     is a loss of space in the upper floor due to the pitch
                                     of the roof.
Wet Basement (WB)    -1%+            May be greater depending on severity.




                                   PAGE 401
                             SECTION 9
                    MODEL CALIBRATION TECHNIQUE
Once all the local sales data has been verified via onsite measure and list of all buildings and land
information, the sale date, price, and circumstances are verified by the assessor supervisor via
owner interview, questionnaire, PA-34, MLS, or prior owner/real estate agent interview.

That data is then used to develop preliminary costs for land and building tables needed for the
CAMA system to calculate assessment values for all property in the municipality once the rest of
the properties are measured and listed.

When the CAMA cost tables are defined, we compute the assessment-to-sales ratio for each
property and produce graphs and reports which can then be used to calibrate the CAMA system to
predict the market value of all property in the municipality as fairly as possibly.

                                                              The following are samples of the
                                                              graphs used to test and calibrate the
                                                              CAMA model through multiple
                                                              reiterations of the sales analysis
                                                              program:

                                                              The hashed bars indicate the number
                                                              of sales in each group, while the
                                                              solid bars indicate the median
                                                              assessment to sales ratio. This graph
                                                              charts ratios for various lot sizes of
                                                              the sales data and enables us to
                                                              determine if all lots are fairly
                                                              assessed regardless of size.


                                                              Here the groups, number of sales in
                                                              each group, and the median ratio are
                                                              displayed.

                                                              The sales are charted by
                                                              neighborhood designation to test if
                                                              there is a neighborhood bias. This
                                                              sample chart indicates that
                                                              neighborhood “C” is being
                                                              significantly over assessed; “D” is
                                                              slightly over assessed, while the
                                                              other neighborhoods are fairly
                                                              evenly assessed. However,
                                                              neighborhood “C” has only one sale
                                                              and as such, is not a clear indication
                                                              of a model bias
                                                              and is disregarded.



                                              PAGE 402
                                                               This graph is charting building age
                                                               roups and their median ratio to see if
                                                               the depreciation schedule is working
                                                               across all age groups.

                                                               It is important to note the number of
                                                               sales in each group. In this chart, the
                                                               1886 group seems to show an over
                                                               assessment, but it is only one sale
                                                               and as such, is not as meaningful.
                                                               However, the 1901 group has four
                                                               sales with a high ratio and may
                                                               indicate a problem.




Sales Ratio Bar Graphs
Median Assessment-to-Sales Ratio by Year of Construction
This is a comparison of sale-to-assessment grouped by year of construction. This shows that effect
of age, if any, on the median assessment ratio of various age groupings. It is used to help test that
the depreciation used for normal age is consistently and equitably working across all ages of the
sales.

Median Assessment-to-Sales Ratio by Effective Area
This graph is a test of the effect of size of the building and its impact on our valuation model. It is
used to calibrate and show whether or not the size adjustment scale is effectively working with
small buildings, as well as large buildings.

Median Assessment-to-Sales Ratio by Story Height
This graph normally shows two to four groups based on the number of different story heights in
the sales sample and demonstrates the effect of multiple floors on sales. It is used to test and
calibrate story height adjustments to ensure our adjustment by story height is working.

Distribution of Sales Ratio
This shows the clustering of sales around our median ratio. The majority of sales should be at or
near 1, which is actually 100% and taper off in both directions, below and above the 100% level
indicating a normal distribution of sales ratios.

Median Assessment-to-Sales Ratio by Sale Price
We tested our computed values to actual sales values as in all these graphs, but here we are testing
to see if there is a bias between low and high values by graphing the median ratio of value groups
- low to high. It is used to test if a bias exists by value.




                                               PAGE 403
Median Assessment-to-Sales Ratio by Neighborhood
This graph tests our neighborhood delineation to ensure that our neighborhood codes are fair and
equitable. With a median ratio of all groups as close to 100% as possible, this demonstrates a good
neighborhood delineation.

Median Assessment-to-Sales Ratio by Zone
If there is more than one zoning district in a town and sales exist in more than one zone, the chart
will show the median ratio for each zone to test for a zoning bias and to re-calibrate, if necessary,
to reflect a reasonable relationship through all zones based on the median ratio.

Median Assessment-to-Sales Ratio by Acreage
This graph is used to test and calibrate the value difference of various size lots. The chart shows
the median ratio by various lot size groupings of the sales data.

Median Assessment-to-Sales Ratio by Use
This graph shows the median ratio of various groups of land use within the sales data. It is used to
calibrate the CAMA model to effectively treat each use fairly at similar assessment-to-sales ratios.

Median Assessment-to-Sales Ratio by Building Grade
This graph helps test the effect of building quality of construction adjustments by showing the
median ratio for each grade classification within the sales sample.

As the true value of any property falls within a range of the most likely low to the most likely high
value, these bar charts should show a relatively straight line. Rarely will it ever be a straight line.
It is intended to show whether or not a strong measurable and correctable bias exists. As long as
there is no trend up or down from the lowest to the highest grouping, then what bias exists, is
negligible. In other words, everyone is being treated the same.

However, it is important to note that 1 or even 2 sales do not provide definitive information as to
whether a bias exists or not. As such, it is possible for a graph with a group of only 1 or 2 sales to
show a spike or drop compared to the rest. And while it is an indication of possible bias, it is not
conclusive enough to assume any type of corrective action and as such, in mass appraisal it is
documented in these graphs for future monitoring, but does not necessarily affect the overall results
of the revaluation program.

All of these graphs enable the CAMA model to be tested beyond the standard statistics as
required by the DRA and the ASB standards to show equity within various categories to ensure
the most equitable assessments possible.




                                               PAGE 404
A. Preliminary Valuation Tables                          Weare Land Codes & Values


                                                                   Land Pricing Zones

                                                                      Zone 01

                                 Description: RA CONSERVATION                     $ 60,000   @   0.010 ac
                                                                                 $ 110,000   @   0.100 ac
                                      Lot Size:         5.00
                                                                                 $ 130,000   @   0.250 ac
                                     Frontage:           250                     $ 140,000   @   0.500 ac
                                     Lot Price:   $ 172,000                      $ 150,000   @   0.750 ac
                                                                                 $ 159,600   @   1.930 ac
                              Excess Acreage:        $ 4,000
                                                                                 $ 160,000   @   2.000 ac
                             Excess Frontage:          $ 100                     $ 172,000   @   5.000 ac
                                         View:     $ 80,000                      $ 172,000   @   5.000 ac




                                                                      Zone 02

                                 Description: RESIDENTIAL                         $ 60,000   @   0.010 ac
                                                                                 $ 110,000   @   0.100 ac
                                      Lot Size:         1.93
                                                                                 $ 130,000   @   0.250 ac
                                     Frontage:           200                     $ 140,000   @   0.500 ac
                                     Lot Price:   $ 159,600                      $ 150,000   @   0.750 ac
                                                                                 $ 159,600   @   1.930 ac
                              Excess Acreage:        $ 4,000
                                                                                 $ 159,600   @   1.930 ac
                             Excess Frontage:          $ 100                     $ 159,600   @   1.930 ac
                                         View:     $ 80,000                      $ 159,600   @   1.930 ac




                                                                      Zone 04

                                 Description: VILLAGE                             $ 60,000   @   0.010 ac
                                                                                 $ 110,000   @   0.100 ac
                                      Lot Size:         1.93
                                                                                 $ 130,000   @   0.250 ac
                                     Frontage:           250                     $ 140,000   @   0.500 ac
                                     Lot Price:   $ 159,600                      $ 150,000   @   0.750 ac
                                                                                 $ 159,600   @   1.930 ac
                              Excess Acreage:        $ 4,000
                                                                                 $ 159,600   @   1.930 ac
                             Excess Frontage:          $ 100                     $ 159,600   @   1.930 ac
                                         View:     $ 80,000                      $ 159,600   @   1.930 ac




                                                                      Zone 05

                                 Description: COMMERCIAL                          $ 60,000   @   0.010 ac
                                                                                 $ 110,000   @   0.100 ac
                                      Lot Size:         2.00
                                                                                 $ 130,000   @   0.250 ac
                                     Frontage:           200                     $ 140,000   @   0.500 ac
                                     Lot Price:   $ 160,000                      $ 150,000   @   0.750 ac
                                                                                 $ 159,600   @   1.930 ac
                              Excess Acreage:        $ 4,000
                                                                                 $ 160,000   @   2.000 ac
                             Excess Frontage:          $ 100                     $ 160,000   @   2.000 ac
                                         View:     $ 80,000                      $ 160,000   @   2.000 ac




                                                                      Zone 06

                                 Description: INDUSTRIAL                          $ 60,000   @   0.010 ac
                                                                                 $ 110,000   @   0.100 ac
                                      Lot Size:         2.00
                                                                                 $ 130,000   @   0.250 ac
                                     Frontage:           200                     $ 140,000   @   0.500 ac
                                     Lot Price:   $ 160,000                      $ 150,000   @   0.750 ac
                                                                                 $ 159,600   @   1.930 ac
                              Excess Acreage:        $ 4,000
                                                                                 $ 160,000   @   2.000 ac
                             Excess Frontage:          $ 100                     $ 160,000   @   2.000 ac
                                         View:     $ 80,000                      $ 160,000   @   2.000 ac




    Printed: 08/11/2026 4:29:48 pm
                                                               PAGE 405
                                                               Zone 07

                             Description: RURAL AGRICULTURAL              $ 60,000   @   0.010 ac
                                                                         $ 110,000   @   0.100 ac
                                  Lot Size:         5.00
                                                                         $ 130,000   @   0.250 ac
                                 Frontage:           250                 $ 140,000   @   0.500 ac
                                 Lot Price:   $ 172,000                  $ 150,000   @   0.750 ac
                                                                         $ 159,600   @   1.930 ac
                          Excess Acreage:        $ 4,000
                                                                         $ 160,000   @   2.000 ac
                         Excess Frontage:          $ 100                 $ 172,000   @   5.000 ac
                                     View:     $ 80,000                  $ 172,000   @   5.000 ac




                                                               Zone 08

                             Description: RESIDENTIAL MH                  $ 60,000   @   0.010 ac
                                                                         $ 110,000   @   0.100 ac
                                  Lot Size:         2.00
                                                                         $ 130,000   @   0.250 ac
                                 Frontage:           200                 $ 140,000   @   0.500 ac
                                 Lot Price:   $ 160,000                  $ 150,000   @   0.750 ac
                                                                         $ 159,600   @   1.930 ac
                          Excess Acreage:        $ 4,000
                                                                         $ 160,000   @   2.000 ac
                         Excess Frontage:          $ 100                 $ 160,000   @   2.000 ac
                                     View:     $ 80,000                  $ 160,000   @   2.000 ac




                                                               Zone 09

                             Description: RES-HISTORIC                    $ 60,000   @   0.010 ac
                                                                         $ 110,000   @   0.100 ac
                                  Lot Size:         1.93
                                                                         $ 130,000   @   0.250 ac
                                 Frontage:           200                 $ 140,000   @   0.500 ac
                                 Lot Price:   $ 159,600                  $ 150,000   @   0.750 ac
                                                                         $ 159,600   @   1.930 ac
                          Excess Acreage:        $ 4,000
                                                                         $ 159,600   @   1.930 ac
                         Excess Frontage:          $ 100                 $ 159,600   @   1.930 ac
                                     View:     $ 80,000                  $ 159,600   @   1.930 ac




                                                               Zone 14

                             Description: VILL SEWER                      $ 60,000   @   0.010 ac
                                                                         $ 110,000   @   0.100 ac
                                  Lot Size:         1.93
                                                                         $ 130,000   @   0.250 ac
                                 Frontage:           150                 $ 140,000   @   0.500 ac
                                 Lot Price:   $ 159,600                  $ 150,000   @   0.750 ac
                                                                         $ 159,600   @   1.930 ac
                          Excess Acreage:        $ 4,000
                                                                         $ 159,600   @   1.930 ac
                         Excess Frontage:          $ 100                 $ 159,600   @   1.930 ac
                                     View:     $ 80,000                  $ 159,600   @   1.930 ac




                                                               Zone 15

                             Description: RES SEWER                       $ 60,000   @   0.010 ac
                                                                         $ 110,000   @   0.100 ac
                                  Lot Size:         1.93
                                                                         $ 130,000   @   0.250 ac
                                 Frontage:           150                 $ 140,000   @   0.500 ac
                                 Lot Price:   $ 159,600                  $ 150,000   @   0.750 ac
                                                                         $ 159,600   @   1.930 ac
                          Excess Acreage:        $ 4,000
                                                                         $ 159,600   @   1.930 ac
                         Excess Frontage:          $ 100                 $ 159,600   @   1.930 ac
                                     View:     $ 80,000                  $ 159,600   @   1.930 ac




Printed: 08/11/2026 4:29:49 pm
                                                           PAGE 406
                                                                         Zone 16

                               Description: R-AGR SEWER                               $ 60,000    @      0.010 ac
                                                                                     $ 110,000    @      0.100 ac
                                  Lot Size:              5.00
                                                                                     $ 130,000    @      0.250 ac
                                 Frontage:                250                        $ 140,000    @      0.500 ac
                                 Lot Price:        $ 172,000                         $ 150,000    @      0.750 ac
                                                                                     $ 159,600    @      1.930 ac
                           Excess Acreage:            $ 4,000
                                                                                     $ 160,000    @      2.000 ac
                           Excess Frontage:             $ 100                        $ 172,000    @      5.000 ac
                                      View:         $ 80,000                         $ 172,000    @      5.000 ac




                                      Land Use Codes                                               Neighborhoods
                    Code         Description                                   Code         Adjustment                  Factor
                    79D          79-D HISTORIC BARN                            A            AVERAGE-40                     60
                    79F          79-F FARM STRUCT                              B            AVERAGE-30                     70
                    CI           COM/IND                                       C            AVERAGE-20                     80
                    EX-F         EXEMPT-FED                                    D            AVERAGE-10                     90
                    EX-G         EXEMPT-GRAVEL AREA                            E            AVERAGE                       100
                    EX-M         EXEMPT-MUNIC                                  F            AVERAGE+10                    110
                    EX-P         EXEMPT-PILT                                   G            AVERAGE+20                    120
                    EX-S         EXEMPT-STATE                                  H            AVERAGE+30                    130
                    MXU          MIXED USE                                     I            AVERAGE+40                    140
                    R1           1F RES                                        J            AVERAGE+50                    150
                    R1A          1F RES WTR ACS                                K            AVG +60 160%                  160
                    R1W          1F RES WTRFRNT                                L            AVG +70 170%                  170
                    R2           2F RES                                        M            AVG +80 180%                  180
                    R2A          2F RES WTR ACS                                N            AVG +90 190%                  190
                    R2W          2F RES WTRFRNT                                P            AVG +100 200%                 200
                    R3           3F RES                                        Q            SPECIAL 225%                  225
                    R3A          3F RES WTR ACS                                R            SPECIAL 250%                  250
                    R3W          3F RES WTRFRNT                                S            SPECIAL 275%                  275
                    R4           4F RES                                        T            SPECIAL 300%                  300
                    R4A          4F RES WTR ACS                                X            BACKLAND                      100
                    R4W          4F RES WTRFRNT
                    UTL          UTILITY-OTHER
                    UTLE         UTILITY-ELEC
                    UTLG         UTILITY-GAS
                    UTLW         UTILITY-WATER


                                       Site Modifiers                                            Topography Modifiers
                    Code         Description                    Factor             Code      Description                Factor
                    A            AVERAGE                          100              FT        STEEP                          75
                    C            UNDEVELOPED CLEAR                 85              L         LEVEL                         100
                    E            EXCELLENT                        125              MD        MILD                           95
                    F            FAIR                              95              MO        MODERATE                       85
                    G            GOOD                             105              RO        ROLLING                        90
                    N            NATURAL                           90              S         SEVERE                         50
                    NA           N/A                              100
                    P            POOR                              90
                    U            UNDEVELOPED WOODS                 75
                    Y            VERY GOOD                        110


                                      Road Modifiers                                              Driveway Modifiers
                    Code         Description                    Factor             Code      Description                Factor
                    D            DIRT/GRAVEL                       95              B         BRICK/COBBLESTONE             110
                    K            N/A                              100              C         CONCRETE/CEMENT               105
                    NO           NONE                             100              D         DIRT/GRAVEL                    95
                    P            PAVED                            100              N         N/A                           100
                                                                                   PP        PART PAVED                     98
                                                                                   PV        PAVED                         100
                                                                                   STO       STREET ONLY                    90
                                                                                   U         UNDEVELOPED                    90




Printed: 08/11/2026 4:29:49 pm
                                                                  PAGE 407
                                                          Current Use Codes
                    Code         Description                                       Min. Value       Max. Value
                    CUDE         DISCRETNRY                                          $ 91.00         $ 137.00
                    CUFL         FARM LAND                                           $ 90.00         $ 523.00
                    CUMH         MNGD HARDWD                                         $ 41.00          $ 62.00
                    CUMO         MNGD OTHER                                          $ 21.00          $ 31.00
                    CUMW         MNGD PINE                                           $ 79.00         $ 119.00
                    CUUH         UNMNGD HARDWD                                       $ 69.00         $ 104.00
                    CUUL         UNPRODUCTIVE                                        $ 21.00          $ 21.00
                    CUUO         UNMNGD OTHER                                        $ 34.00          $ 52.00
                    CUUW         UNMNGD PINE                                        $ 132.00         $ 199.00
                    CUWL         WETLANDS                                            $ 21.00          $ 21.00


                                      View Subjects                                 View Widths
                   Code          Description          Factor           Code   Description               Factor
                   HLS           HILLS                   55            AVG    AVERAGE                     100
                   H&M           HILLS & MOUNTAINS       65            NAR    NARROW                       75
                   H&L           HILLS & WATERBODY       65            PAN    PANORAMIC                   125
                   MTNS          MOUNTAINS               80            TUN    TUNNEL                       50
                   L&M           MOUNTAINS & WATER       85            WID    WIDE                        105
                   PST           PASTORAL                50
                   RIVS          RIVER VIEW              40
                   LKS           WATERBODY VIEW          70


                                       View Depths                                 View Distances
                   Code          Description          Factor           Code   Description               Factor
                   FULL          FULL                   100            CLS    CLOSE                        50
                   D25           TOP25                   25            DST    DISTANT                      75
                   D50           TOP50                   50            EXT    EXTREME                     125
                   D75           TOP75                   75




Printed: 08/11/2026 4:29:49 pm
                                                         PAGE 408
                                                          Water Body Frontage Foot Factors
                   Water Body Name                                    Base Value       Frontage Feet                   Factor
                   DANIELS LAKE                                       $ 175,000
                                                                                                 1 ft.                    40
                                                                                                10 ft.                    50
                                                                                                50 ft.                    60
                                                                                               100 ft.                   100
                                                                                               200 ft.                   110
                                                                                               500 ft.                   115
                                                                                             1,000 ft.                   125

                   DUDLEY BROOK                                         $ 16,000
                                                                                                  1 ft.                   25

                   LAKE HORACE                                        $ 350,000
                                                                                                 1 ft.                    40
                                                                                                10 ft.                    50
                                                                                                50 ft.                    60
                                                                                               100 ft.                   100
                                                                                               200 ft.                   110
                                                                                               500 ft.                   115
                                                                                             1,000 ft.                   125

                   MT WILLIAM POND                                    $ 135,000
                                                                                                 1 ft.                    40
                                                                                                10 ft.                    50
                                                                                                50 ft.                    60
                                                                                               100 ft.                   100
                                                                                               200 ft.                   110
                                                                                               500 ft.                   115
                                                                                             1,000 ft.                   125

                   PISCATAQUOG RIVER                                    $ 10,000
                                                                                                 1 ft.                    25
                                                                                                10 ft.                    40
                                                                                                50 ft.                    60
                                                                                               100 ft.                   100
                                                                                               200 ft.                   110
                                                                                               500 ft.                   115
                                                                                             1,000 ft.                   125

                   POND                                                 $ 10,000
                                                                                                  1 ft.                  100



                                  Water Frontage Access                                      Water Frontage Location
                   Code          Description                 Factor             Code         Description               Factor
                   BCH           BEACH +                        105             CHN          CHANNEL                      50
                   BOAT          BOAT LAUNCH                    120             CNN          CHANNEL NARROW               70
                   BRB           BRANCH RD BEACH 1/              50             CHW          CHANNEL WIDE                 90
                   COL           COLBURN BEACH                  100             CV           COVE                         95
                   GAG           GRASSY AND/OR GROO             105             EXT          EXTENSION                    40
                   NAT           NAT/UND                         50             MB           MAIN BODY                   100
                   NATI          NATURAL IMPR LOT                85             MBV          MAIN BODY W/ VU             110
                   NATR          NATURAL IMROV ROC               65             MBA          R/ONE BACK MAIN BOD          40
                   RET           RETAINING WALLS                115             TIF          TIFFANY POINT                50
                   SMB           SMALL BEACH                     95
                   TIER          TIERED WALLS/LNDCSP            115
                   WFT           WATER ACC/FOOTPAT                5
                   WA            WATER ACCESS                    35
                   WTRAC         WATER ACCESS COLB               60
                   WTRRE         WF REC LOT                      25


                             Water Frontage Topography
                   Code          Description                 Factor
                   LEV           LEVEL W                        100
                   MLD           MILD W                          95
                   MOD           MODERATE W                      85
                   ROLL          ROLLING W                       90




Printed: 08/11/2026 4:29:49 pm
                                                                 PAGE 409
                                                                 Weare
                                                  Land Area Size Adjustment Factors


    Acres        Adj.            Acres    Adj.           Acres            Adj.        Acres    Adj.    Acres    Adj.
            10    96.00              61   80.00              112         69.00           163   61.00      214   54.00
            11    96.00              62   80.00              113         69.00           164   60.00      215   54.00
            12    95.00              63   80.00              114         69.00           165   60.00      216   54.00
            13    95.00              64   80.00              115         68.00           166   60.00      217   54.00
            14    95.00              65   79.00              116         68.00           167   60.00      218   53.00
            15    94.00              66   79.00              117         68.00           168   60.00      219   53.00
            16    94.00              67   79.00              118         68.00           169   60.00      220   53.00
            17    94.00              68   79.00              119         68.00           170   60.00      221   53.00
            18    93.00              69   78.00              120         68.00           171   59.00      222   53.00
            19    93.00              70   78.00              121         67.00           172   59.00      223   53.00
            20    93.00              71   78.00              122         67.00           173   59.00      224   53.00
            21    92.00              72   78.00              123         67.00           174   59.00      225   53.00
            22    92.00              73   77.00              124         67.00           175   59.00      226   53.00
            23    92.00              74   77.00              125         67.00           176   59.00      227   52.00
            24    91.00              75   77.00              126         66.00           177   59.00      228   52.00
            25    91.00              76   77.00              127         66.00           178   58.00      229   52.00
            26    91.00              77   76.00              128         66.00           179   58.00      230   52.00
            27    90.00              78   76.00              129         66.00           180   58.00      231   52.00
            28    90.00              79   76.00              130         66.00           181   58.00      232   52.00
            29    90.00              80   76.00              131         66.00           182   58.00      233   52.00
            30    89.00              81   76.00              132         65.00           183   58.00      234   52.00
            31    89.00              82   75.00              133         65.00           184   58.00      235   52.00
            32    89.00              83   75.00              134         65.00           185   57.00      236   51.00
            33    88.00              84   75.00              135         65.00           186   57.00      237   51.00
            34    88.00              85   75.00              136         65.00           187   57.00      238   51.00
            35    88.00              86   74.00              137         65.00           188   57.00      239   51.00
            36    87.00              87   74.00              138         64.00           189   57.00      240   51.00
            37    87.00              88   74.00              139         64.00           190   57.00      241   51.00
            38    87.00              89   74.00              140         64.00           191   57.00      242   51.00
            39    87.00              90   74.00              141         64.00           192   57.00      243   51.00
            40    86.00              91   73.00              142         64.00           193   56.00      244   51.00
            41    86.00              92   73.00              143         64.00           194   56.00      245   51.00
            42    86.00              93   73.00              144         63.00           195   56.00      246   50.00
            43    85.00              94   73.00              145         63.00           196   56.00      247   50.00
            44    85.00              95   72.00              146         63.00           197   56.00      248   50.00
            45    85.00              96   72.00              147         63.00           198   56.00      249   50.00
            46    84.00              97   72.00              148         63.00           199   56.00      250   50.00
            47    84.00              98   72.00              149         63.00           200   56.00
            48    84.00              99   72.00              150         63.00           201   55.00
            49    84.00             100   71.00              151         62.00           202   55.00
            50    83.00             101   71.00              152         62.00           203   55.00
            51    83.00             102   71.00              153         62.00           204   55.00
            52    83.00             103   71.00              154         62.00           205   55.00
            53    83.00             104   71.00              155         62.00           206   55.00
            54    82.00             105   70.00              156         62.00           207   55.00
            55    82.00             106   70.00              157         61.00           208   55.00
            56    82.00             107   70.00              158         61.00           209   54.00
            57    81.00             108   70.00              159         61.00           210   54.00
            58    81.00             109   70.00              160         61.00           211   54.00
            59    81.00             110   69.00              161         61.00           212   54.00
            60    81.00             111   69.00              162         61.00           213   54.00

Printed: 08/11/2026 8:13:19 am




                                                        PAGE 410
                                                    Weare Feature Codes & Values




                             Description                                                 Rate      DPR

                             104/8 ACC & DOCK                                       80,000.00 ea     0.00
                             174 SO STARK                                           40,000.00 ea     0.00
                             201 UPPER CRANEY                                      140,000.00 ea     0.00
                             732 CONCORD STAGE                                      44,000.00 ea     0.00
                             79-D HISTORIC BARN                                          0.00 ea     0.00
                             79-F FARM STRUCTURE                                         0.00 sf     0.00
                             86 SARGENT                                             36,000.00 ea     0.00
                             ALL SEASONS                                            30,000.00 ea     0.00
                             ALL SEASONS VIEW                                       35,000.00 ea     0.00
                             ATM                                                     2,500.00 ea     0.00
                             BAILEY LAND                                            72,000.00 ea     0.00
                             BARN-1STRY                                                 27.00 sf    40.00
                             BARN-1STRY/BSMT                                            29.00 sf    40.00
                             BARN-1STRY/LOFT                                            31.00 sf    40.00
                             BARN-1STRY/LOFT/BSMT                                       33.00 sf    40.00
                             BARN-2STRY                                                 35.00 sf    40.00
                             BARN-2STRY/BSMT                                            37.00 sf    40.00
                             BARN-2STRY/LOFT                                            38.00 sf    40.00
                             BARN-2STRY/LOFT/BSMT                                       39.00 sf    40.00
                             BATH HOUSE                                                 47.00 sf    50.00
                             BB COURT                                               22,000.00 ea     0.00
                             BOAT DOCKS-COMM                                            10.00 sf    50.00
                             BOAT HOUSE                                                 30.00 sf     0.00
                             BROOKSHIRE                                             20,000.00 ea     0.00
                             CABANA                                                     90.00 sf     0.00
                             CABIN                                                      82.00 sf     0.00
                             CAMPER                                                     40.00 sf     0.00
                             CANOPY                                                     34.00 sf    60.00
                             CARPORT METAL                                              10.00 sf    50.00
                             CARPORT WOOD                                               15.00 sf    50.00
                             CENTER BROOK LANE                                      80,000.00 ea     0.00
                             COLD STORAGE                                               65.00 sf     0.00
                             COLLINS LAND W/VIEW                                   145,000.00 ea     0.00
                             COLLINS LANDING                                       120,000.00 ea     0.00
                             COMM GENERATOR                                         40,000.00 ea     0.00
                             CONCRETE SLAB                                               5.00 sf     0.00
                             COOPS-POULTRY                                              29.00 sf    40.00
                             CORTLAND                                               25,000.00 ea     0.00
                             CRANEWAY                                                  355.00 ea     0.00
                             DAM                                                   125,000.00 ea     0.00
                             DECK                                                        7.00 sf    50.00
                             DRIVE UP WINDOW                                        20,000.00 ea     0.00
                             DUCK POND                                               1,000.00 ea     0.00
                             D-UP W/PNEUMATIC                                       40,000.00 ea     0.00
                             EAST ROAD                                             140,000.00 ea     0.00
                             ELEVATOR/FREIGHT                                       30,000.00 ea     0.00
                             ELEVATOR/PASSENGER                                     20,000.00 ea     0.00
                             ELM DRIVE                                               1,000.00 ea     0.00
                             ETTA LANE CONDOS                                       55,000.00 ea     0.00
                             EV CHARGER RES                                              0.00 ea     0.00
                             EV CHARGER-COMM                                        10,000.00 ea     0.00
                             FENCE COMMERCIAL/FT                                        16.00 ea    75.00
                             FESSENDEN                                              20,000.00 ea     0.00
                             FIREPLACE 1-CUST                                        7,500.00 ea     0.00
                             FIREPLACE 1-STAND                                       5,500.00 ea   100.00
                             FIREPLACE 2-CUST                                       11,000.00 ea     0.00
                             FIREPLACE 2-STAND                                       7,500.00 ea   100.00
                             FIREPLACE 3-CUST                                       14,500.00 ea     0.00
                             FIREPLACE 3-STAND                                       9,000.00 ea   100.00
                             FIREPLACE 4-CUST                                       17,500.00 ea     0.00
                             FIREPLACE 4-STAND                                      10,500.00 ea   100.00
                             FIREPLACE 5-CUST                                       20,000.00 ea     0.00
                             FIREPLACE 5-STAND                                      12,000.00 ea     0.00
                             FIREPLACE 6-CUST                                       21,500.00 ea     0.00
                             FIREPLACE 6-STAND                                      13,500.00 ea     0.00
                             FOUNDATION                                                 29.00 sf    60.00
                             FOX HOLLOW                                             80,000.00 ea     0.00
                             GARAGE-1 STY                                               44.00 sf    60.00
                             GARAGE-1 STY/ATTIC                                         55.00 sf    60.00
                             GARAGE-1 STY/BSMT                                          50.00 sf    60.00
                             GARAGE-1.5 STY                                             57.00 sf    60.00
                             GARAGE-1.5 STY/BSMT                                        63.00 sf    60.00
                             GARAGE-1.75 STY                                            60.00 sf     0.00
                             GARAGE-1.75 STY/BSMT                                       66.00 sf     0.00
                             GARAGE-2 STY                                               65.00 sf    60.00



Printed: 08/11/2026 8:11:22 am
                                                             PAGE 411
                             Description                               Rate      DPR

                             GARAGE-2 STY/BSMT                        71.00 sf    60.00
                             GARAGE-ATTIC/BSMT                        61.00 sf    60.00
                             GAZEBO                                   15.00 sf     0.00
                             GREENHOUSE GLASS                         29.00 sf     0.00
                             GREENHOUSE POLY                           7.00 sf    40.00
                             HI POINT BEACH                       80,000.00 ea     0.00
                             HIGH ROCK                            90,000.00 ea     0.00
                             HILBREN ROAD                         20,000.00 ea     0.00
                             HILLCREST CLUSTER                     1,000.00 ea     0.00
                             HOIT MILL                            10,000.00 ea     0.00
                             HOLLY HILL                            7,000.00 ea     0.00
                             HOT TUB                               5,000.00 ea     0.00
                             KENNELS                                  15.00 sf    50.00
                             LAKESHORE VILLAGE                   375,000.00 ea     0.00
                             LEACH                                 2,000.00 ea   100.00
                             LEAN-TO                                   4.00 sf    50.00
                             LIFTS-COMMERCIAL                      4,000.00 ea    60.00
                             LIGHTS-PKG LOT/DBL                    2,700.00 ea     0.00
                             LIGHTS-PKG LOT/QUAD                   4,700.00 ea     0.00
                             LIGHTS-PKG LOT/SINGL                  1,700.00 ea     0.00
                             LIGHTS-PKG LOT/TRIPL                  3,700.00 ea     0.00
                             LOAD LEVELER                          4,000.00 ea     0.00
                             LOADING DOCKS                         5,000.00 ea    50.00
                             LYNDSEY LANE                         20,000.00 ea     0.00
                             MEZZANINE                                12.00 sf     0.00
                             MH SITE                              25,000.00 ea     0.00
                             OLD TOWN ROAD                       127,000.00 ea     0.00
                             PATIO                                     7.00 sf    50.00
                             PAVILLION                                 6.50 sf     0.00
                             PAVING                                    3.25 sf    60.00
                             POLE BARN                                12.00 sf     0.00
                             POOL-ABOVE GROUND                        11.00 sf    60.00
                             POOL-ENCLOSED                            50.00 sf     0.00
                             POOL-INGRND-GUNITE                       75.00 sf    60.00
                             POOL-INGRND-VINYL                        54.00 sf    60.00
                             PORCH                                    15.00 sf     0.00
                             PUMP GAS/OIL-DOUBLE                  17,000.00 ea    75.00
                             PUMP GAS/OIL-SINGLE                  10,000.00 ea    75.00
                             QUAKER STREET CONDO                  30,000.00 ea     0.00
                             RIDING ARENA                             24.00 sf     0.00
                             RIVER ROAD                           90,000.00 ea     0.00
                             SAUNA                                    68.00 sf    50.00
                             SCALE 40 TON                         62,000.00 ea     0.00
                             SCALE 50 TON                         70,000.00 ea     0.00
                             SCALE 60 TON                         79,000.00 ea     0.00
                             SCALE 70 TON                         91,000.00 ea     0.00
                             SCREENHOUSE                              15.00 sf    50.00
                             SHED-EQUIPMENT                           11.00 sf    50.00
                             SHED-METAL                                5.00 sf    60.00
                             SHED-VINYL                                6.00 sf     0.00
                             SHED-WOOD                                17.00 sf    60.00
                             SHOP-AVG                                 34.00 sf    60.00
                             SHOP-EX                                  47.00 sf    60.00
                             SHOP-GOOD                                39.00 sf    60.00
                             SIGN ILLUMINATED                        106.00 sf     0.00
                             SIGN NON-ILLUMINATED                     92.00 sf     0.00
                             SILO-BRICK                               44.00 sf    40.00
                             SILO-CONCRETE                            53.00 sf    40.00
                             SILO-STEEL                               44.00 sf    40.00
                             SILO-WOOD                                38.00 sf    40.00
                             SITE WATER ELECTRIC                  10,000.00 ea     0.00
                             SITE WITH ELECTRIC                    8,500.00 ea     0.00
                             SITE WTR/ELECT/SEW                   12,000.00 ea     0.00
                             SO STARK COMM                     1,400,000.00 ea     0.00
                             SOLAR ELECT PANEL                       400.00 ea     0.00
                             SOLAR H20 PANEL                         400.00 ea     0.00
                             SPRINKLERED AREA                          4.00 sf     0.00
                             STABLES                                  36.00 sf    50.00
                             TANKS FUEL/WATER                          8.00 ea    50.00
                             TENNIS COURT(S)                      34,000.00 ea    50.00
                             TOWER GUYED/LATTICE                     550.00 ea     0.00
                             TOWER MONOPOLE/SS                       800.00 ea     0.00
                             TOWER SITE                          300,000.00 ea     0.00
                             TOWER TENANTS                       150,000.00 ea     0.00
                             UTILITY-DISTRIBUTION                      1.00 ea     0.00
                             UTILITY-GENERATION                        1.00 ea     0.00
                             UTILITY-TRANSMISSION                      1.00 ea     0.00



Printed: 08/11/2026 8:11:22 am
                                                    PAGE 412
                             Description                            Rate      DPR

                             VAULTS                               230.00 sf   75.00
                             WHITETAIL COMM CONDO              40,000.00 ea    0.00
                             YURT                                  42.00 sf    0.00




Printed: 08/11/2026 8:11:22 am
                                                    PAGE 413
                                                               Weare
                                         Features & Outbuildings Size Adjustment Factors


    Area         Adj.            Area    Adj.           Area           Adj.          Area     Adj.   Area     Adj.
                   4.00            165   1.57              285         1.16             495   0.92    1,885    0.68
         50        3.80            170   1.54              290         1.15             510   0.91    2,135    0.67
         55        3.51            175   1.51              295         1.14             525   0.90    2,465    0.66
         60        3.27            180   1.49              300         1.13             545   0.89    2,910    0.65
         65        3.06            185   1.46              305         1.12             565   0.88    3,560    0.64
         70        2.89            190   1.44              315         1.11             585   0.87    4,575    0.63
         75        2.73            195   1.42              320         1.10             605   0.86    6,405    0.62
         80        2.60            200   1.40              325         1.09             630   0.85   10,670    0.61
         85        2.48            205   1.38              330         1.08             655   0.84   32,005    0.60
         90        2.38            210   1.36              340         1.07             685   0.83
         95        2.28            215   1.34              345         1.06             715   0.82
        100        2.20            220   1.33              355         1.05             745   0.81
        105        2.12            225   1.31              360         1.04             785   0.80
        110        2.05            230   1.30              370         1.03             825   0.79
        115        1.99            235   1.28              380         1.02             865   0.78
        120        1.93            240   1.27              390         1.01             915   0.77
        125        1.88            245   1.25              400         1.00             970   0.76
        130        1.83            250   1.24              410         0.99           1,035   0.75
        135        1.79            255   1.23              420         0.98           1,105   0.74
        140        1.74            260   1.22              430         0.97           1,190   0.73
        145        1.70            265   1.20              440         0.96           1,285   0.72
        150        1.67            270   1.19              455         0.95           1,395   0.71
        155        1.63            275   1.18              465         0.94           1,525   0.70
        160        1.60            280   1.17              480         0.93           1,685   0.69

Printed: 08/11/2026 8:13:42 am




                                                      PAGE 414
                                                                        Weare Building Codes & Values



                       Building Base Rate Codes & Values                                                    Building Sub Area Codes & Values
Code     Description                            Stand. Dpr.      Rate SA                    Code        Description                            Factor

CAP      APARTMENTS                                     1.25   200.00   COM                 ATF         ATTIC FINISHED                          0.25
CBK      BANKS                                          1.25   225.00   COM                 ATU         ATTIC UNFINISHED                        0.10
CCS      COUNTRY STORE                                  1.50   170.00   COM                 BMF         BSMNT FINISHED                          0.30
CCW      CAR WASH                                       1.50   175.00   COM                 BMG         BASEMENT GARAGE                         0.20
CDC      DAYCARE CENTER                                 1.25   172.00   COM                 BMU         BSMNT UNFINISHED                        0.15
CGS      GARAGES/SERVICE SHOP                           1.25    88.00   COM                 COF         COM OFFICE AREA                         1.75
CHS      HOUSING                                        1.25   156.00   RES                 CPT         CARPORT ATTACHED                        0.10
CHU      CHURCH                                         1.25   274.00   COM                 CRL         CRAWL SPACE                             0.05
CLC      LODGE/CLUB                                     1.50   222.00   COM                 CTH         CATHEDRAL CEILING                       0.10
CMD      MOBILE HOME DOUBLE                             2.00   160.00   MFH                 DEK         DECK/ENTRANCE                           0.10
CMF      MULTI FAMILY                                   2.00   168.00   RES                 ENT         ENTRY WAY                               0.10
CMS      MOBILE HOME SINGLE                             4.00   278.00   MFH                 EPF         ENCLOSED PORCH                          0.70
COF      OFFICES                                        1.25   142.00   COM                 EPU         COVERED BSMNT ENTRY                     0.35
CPO      POST OFFICES                                   1.25   225.00   COM                 FFF         FST FLR FIN                             1.00
CRA      RETAIL/APT                                     1.25   170.00   COM                 FFU         FST FLR UNFIN                           0.50
CRF      FAST FOOD/DRIVE-INS                            1.25   180.00   COM                 GAR         GARAGE ATTACHED                         0.45
CRS      RESTAURANTS                                    1.50   182.00   COM                 HSF         1/2 STRY FIN                            0.50
CST      STORE                                          1.25   170.00   COM                 HSU         1/2 STRY UNFIN                          0.15
CWH      MINI WAREHOUSES                                1.25    80.00   COM                 LDK         LOADING AREA                            0.20
CWS      WAREHOUSE                                      1.50    72.00   COM                 OFF         OFFICE AREA                             1.00
ECH      CHURCHES                                       1.25   274.00   COM                 OPF         OPEN PORCH                              0.25
EFS      FIRE STATION                                   1.25   274.00   COM                 PAT         PATIO                                   0.05
EHG      HIGHWAY GARAGE                                 1.25    88.00   COM                 PRS         PIER FOUNDATION                        -0.05
EHS      EX-HOUSING                                     1.20   160.00   RES                 RBF         RAISED BSMNT FIN                        0.75
ELB      LIBRARY                                        1.25   306.00   COM                 RBU         RAISED BSMNT UNFIN                      0.25
ELC      LODGE/CLUB                                     1.50   222.00   COM                 SFA         SEMI-FINISH AREA                        0.75
EMD      EX DOUBLE WIDE MH                              3.25   160.00   RES                 SLB         SLAB FOUNDATION                         0.00
EMS      EX-MANUFACT SINGLE                             2.75   160.00   MFH                 STO         STORAGE AREA                            0.20
EPF      SAFETY COMPLEX                                 1.25   225.00   COM                 TQF         3/4 STRY FIN                            0.75
ESC      SCHOOLS/COLLEGE                                1.25   225.00   COM                 TQU         3/4 STRY UNFIN                          0.25
ETH      TOWN HALL                                      1.50   216.00   COM                 UFF         UPPER FLR FIN                           1.00
ETO      TOWN OFFICES                                   1.25   216.00   COM                 UFU         UPPER FLR UNFIN                         0.25
IND      LIGHT INDUSTRIAL                               1.25    84.00   IND                 VLT         VAULTED CEILING                         0.05
IRD      INDUSTRIAL R/D                                 1.25    94.00   IND
IWH      INDUSTRIAL WAREHOUSE                           1.25    82.00   IND
MHD      MOBILE HOME DOUBLE                             3.25   160.00   RES
MHS      MOBILE HOME SINGLE                             2.75   160.00   MFH
MRV      RV/CAMPER                                      6.00   120.00   MFH
RCD      CONDO/TOWNHOUSE                                1.20   160.00   RES
RMF      MULTI-FAMILY                                   1.50   160.00   RES
RSA      RESIDENTIAL                                    1.20   160.00   RES
RTH      TINY HOUSE                                     4.00   168.00   MFH
UTL      UTILITIES                                      1.50    74.00   RES

                         Building Quality Adjustments                                                         Building Story Codes & Values
Code            Description                                             Factor              Code        Description                            Factor

A0              AVG                                                       1.00              A           1.00 STORY                              1.00
A1              AVG+10                                                    1.10              B           1.50 STORY                              0.99
A2              AVG+20                                                    1.20              C           1.75 STORY                              0.98
A3              AVG+30                                                    1.30              D           2.00 STORY                              0.98
B1              AVG-10                                                    0.90              E           2.50 STORY                              0.96
B2              AVG-20                                                    0.80              F           2.75 STORY                              0.95
B3              AVG-30                                                    0.70              G           3.00 STORY                              0.94
B4              AVG-40                                                    0.60              H           3.5+ STORY                              0.94
B5              AVG-50                                                    0.50              I           SPLT LVL                                1.00
A4              EXC                                                       1.40
A5              EXC+10                                                    1.55
A6              EXC+20                                                    1.65
A7              EXC+40                                                    1.85
A8              EXC+60                                                    2.00
AB              EXC+80                                                    2.20
A9              LUXURIOUS                                                 2.50
AA              SPECIAL USE                                               3.00

                             Building Roof Structures                                                            Building Roof Materials
Code            Description                                             Points              Code        Description                            Points

A               FLAT                                                      2.00              A           METAL/TIN                               2.00
B               SHED                                                      2.00              B           ROLLED/COMPO                            2.00


Printed: 08/11/2026 8:12:12 am
                                                                                    PAGE 415
C               GABLE OR HIP                             3.00         C               ASPHALT                                                   3.00
D               WOOD TRUSS                               4.00         D               TAR/GRAVEL                                                3.00
E               SALT BOX                                 4.00         F               ASBESTOS                                                  3.00
F               MANSARD                                  5.00         G               CLAY/TILE                                                 7.00
G               GAMBREL                                  5.00         H               WD SHINGLE                                                5.00
H               IRREGULAR                                6.00         I               SLATE                                                     6.00
                                                                      J               CORRUGATED COMP                                           3.00
                                                                      K               PREFAB METALS                                             6.00
                                                                      L               RUBBER MEMBRANE                                           5.00
                                                                      N               HIGH QUAL COMP                                            7.00
                                                                      S               STANDING SEAM                                             7.00

                     Building Exterior Wall Materials                                          Building Frame Materials
Code            Description                             Points         Code           Description                                             Factor

1               CEMENT CLAPBOARDS                       36.00         A               WOOD                                                    100.00
2               DECORATIVE BLOCK                        36.00         B               MASONRY                                                 110.00
A               MINIMUM                                 18.00         C               REIN-CONCRETE                                           110.00
B               BELOW AVG                               24.00         D               STEEL                                                   110.00
C               NOVELTY                                 34.00         E               SPECIAL                                                 115.00
D               AVERAGE                                 34.00                 Commercial Wall Factor Increases 2.1% per foot above 12 feet.
E               BOARD/BATTEN                            34.00
F               ASBEST SHNGL                            30.00
G               LOGS                                    34.00
H               ABOVE AVG                               37.00
I               CLAP BOARD                              34.00
J               CEDAR/REDWD                             37.00
K               PREFAB WD PNL                           32.00
L               WOOD SHINGLE                            37.00
M               CNCRT OR BLK                            28.00
N               CB STUCCO                               34.00
O               ASPHALT                                 30.00
P               BRK VENEER                              37.00
Q               BR ON MASONRY                           40.00
R               STN ON MASONRY                          42.00
S               VINYL SIDING                            35.00
T               ALUM SIDING                             33.00
U               PREFIN METAL                            38.00
V               GLASS/THERMO                            40.00
X               STONE VENEER                            38.00
Y               MASONITE                                28.00

                     Building Interior Wall Materials                                      Building Interior Floor Materials
Code            Description                             Points        Code            Description                                             Points

A               MINIMUM                                  8.00         A               MIN PLYWD                                                 5.00
B               WALL BOARD                              22.00         B               CONCRETE                                                  6.00
C               PLASTERED                               27.00         C               HARD TILE                                                12.00
D               DRYWALL                                 27.00         D               LINOLEUM OR SIM                                           7.00
E               WOOD/LOGS                               30.00         E               PINE/SOFT WD                                             10.00
F               PLYWOOD/PANEL                           27.00         F               HARDWOOD                                                 11.00
H               AVERAGE FOR USE                         22.00         G               PARQUET                                                  12.00
J               CONCRETE                                 8.00         H               CARPET                                                    9.00
                                                                      I               LAMINATE/VINYL                                            9.00
                                                                      J               VCT                                                      12.00

                       Building Heating Fuel Types                                          Building Heating System Types
Code            Description                             Points        Code            Description                                             Points

A               WOOD/COAL                                0.50         A               NONE                                                      0.00
B               OIL                                      1.00         B               CONVECTION                                                2.00
C               GAS                                      1.00         C               FA NO DUCTS                                               3.00
D               ELECTRIC                                 1.00         D               FA DUCTED                                                 6.00
E               SOLAR                                    1.10         E               HOT WATER                                                 6.00
F               NONE                                     0.00         F               STEAM                                                     5.00
                                                                      G               RAD ELECT                                                 3.00
                                                                      H               RAD WATER                                                 6.00
                                                                      J               HEAT PUMP                                                 8.00

                              Building Accessories
                Description                             Points
                CENTRAL AIR CONDITIONING                 4.00
                EXTRA KITCHEN                            2.00
                FIREPLACE                                0.00
                GENERATOR                                2.00


Printed: 08/11/2026 8:12:12 am
                                                                 PAGE 416
                                                                         Building Bedroom & Bathroom Points

                                                                                      Bedrooms
                                                   0            1                 2              3             4           >4

                                 0.0                    0            2                 3              4             5           6

                                 0.5                    6            7                 7              8             8           9

                                 1.0                    9           10                10             11            11         12

                                 1.5                   12           11                12             13            14         15

                                 2.0                   13           12                13             14            15         16
            Bathrooms
                                 2.5                   14           13                13             14            15         16

                                 3.0                   15           14                14             15            16         17

                                 3.5                   16           14                14             15            16         17

                                 4.0                   17           14                15             16            17         18

                              > 4.0                    18           14                15             16            17         18




                                                            Standard Age Only Building Depreciation Schedule
                                                                 Building Age Condition Classifications
                                                                  For Standard Depreciation 1.00 %
                        Age            Very Poor            Poor            Fair        Average               Good      Very Good    Excellent
                          1                   5                4                  3               1                 1            1          1
                          5                  11                9                  7               5                 4            3          2
                         10                  16               13                  9               8                 6            5          3
                         15                  19               15                 12              10                 8            6          4
                         20                  22               18                 13              11                 9            7          4
                         30                  27               22                 16              14                11            8          5
                         40                  32               25                 19              16                13            9          6
                         50                  35               28                 21              18                14           11          7
                         60                  39               31                 23              19                15           12          8
                         70                  42               33                 25              21                17           13          8
                         80                  45               36                 27              22                18           13          9
                         90                  47               38                 28              24                19           14          9
                        100                  50               40                 30              25                20           15         10
                        125                  56               45                 34              28                22           17         11
                        150                  61               49                 37              31                24           18         12
                        175                  66               53                 40              33                26           20         13
                        200                  71               57                 42              35                28           21         14
                        225                  75               60                 45              38                30           23         15
                        250                  79               63                 47              40                32           24         16
                        275                  83               66                 50              41                33           25         17
                        300                  87               69                 52              43                35           26         17

            Depreciation can also be added for physical, functional, or economic reasons or conditions over and above
            the normal age depreciation.

            The standard age depreciation can be further adjusted based on the standard depreciation rate of various
            buildings. The standard depreciation rate of residential buildings is typically 1%, while manufactured
            housing might be 3%. As such, a 10 year-old house in good condition would have 6% total depreciation,
            while similar manufactured homes would have 18% depreciation. See Building Base Rate Codes & Values
            chart for unique depreciation by building type.




Printed: 08/11/2026 8:12:12 am
                                                                                           PAGE 417
                                                                     Weare
                                               Residential Building Area Size Adjustment Factors
                                        Median Effective Area = 2100sf Fixed Site Cost Adjustment = 45%
     Size        Adj.            Size          Adj.             Size            Adj.          Size        Adj.     Size       Adj.
        274        4.00            353           3.23             485         2.50              775       1.77       1,929      1.04
        275        3.99            354           3.22             487         2.49              781       1.76       1,969      1.03
        276        3.98            355           3.21             490         2.48              788       1.75       2,011      1.02
        277        3.96            357           3.20             492         2.47              794       1.74       2,054      1.01
        278        3.95            358           3.19             495         2.46              801       1.73       2,100      1.00
        279        3.94            359           3.18             497         2.45              808       1.72       2,148      0.99
        280        3.93            361           3.17             500         2.44              815       1.71       2,198      0.98
        281        3.91            362           3.16             503         2.43              822       1.70       2,250      0.97
        282        3.90            363           3.15             505         2.42              829       1.69       2,305      0.96
        283        3.89            365           3.14             508         2.41              836       1.68       2,363      0.95
        284        3.88            366           3.13             511         2.40              844       1.67       2,423      0.94
        285        3.87            368           3.12             514         2.39              851       1.66       2,487      0.93
        286        3.85            369           3.11             516         2.38              859       1.65       2,554      0.92
        287        3.84            371           3.10             519         2.37              867       1.64       2,625      0.91
        288        3.83            372           3.09             522         2.36              875       1.63       2,700      0.90
        289        3.82            374           3.08             525         2.35              883       1.62       2,779      0.89
        290        3.81            375           3.07             528         2.34              892       1.61       2,864      0.88
        291        3.80            376           3.06             531         2.33              900       1.60       2,953      0.87
        292        3.79            378           3.05             534         2.32              909       1.59       3,048      0.86
        293        3.78            380           3.04             537         2.31              917       1.58       3,150      0.85
        294        3.76            381           3.03             540         2.30              926       1.57       3,259      0.84
        295        3.75            383           3.02             543         2.29              936       1.56       3,375      0.83
        296        3.74            384           3.01             546         2.28              945       1.55       3,500      0.82
        297        3.73            386           3.00             549         2.27              955       1.54       3,635      0.81
        298        3.72            387           2.99             553         2.26              964       1.53       3,780      0.80
        299        3.71            389           2.98             556         2.25              974       1.52       3,937      0.79
        300        3.70            390           2.97             559         2.24              984       1.51       4,109      0.78
        301        3.69            392           2.96             563         2.23              995       1.50       4,295      0.77
        302        3.68            394           2.95             566         2.22            1,005       1.49       4,500      0.76
        303        3.67            395           2.94             569         2.21            1,016       1.48       4,725      0.75
        304        3.66            397           2.93             573         2.20            1,027       1.47       4,974      0.74
        305        3.65            399           2.92             576         2.19            1,038       1.46       5,250      0.73
        306        3.64            400           2.91             580         2.18            1,050       1.45       5,559      0.72
        307        3.63            402           2.90             583         2.17            1,062       1.44       5,906      0.71
        308        3.62            404           2.89             587         2.16            1,074       1.43       6,300      0.70
        309        3.61            406           2.88             591         2.15            1,086       1.42       6,750      0.69
        310        3.60            407           2.87             594         2.14            1,099       1.41       7,269      0.68
        311        3.59            409           2.86             598         2.13            1,112       1.40       7,875      0.67
        312        3.58            411           2.85             602         2.12            1,125       1.39       8,591      0.66
        313        3.57            413           2.84             606         2.11            1,139       1.38       9,450      0.65
        314        3.56            414           2.83             610         2.10            1,152       1.37      10,500      0.64
        315        3.55            416           2.82             614         2.09            1,167       1.36      11,812      0.63
        316        3.54            418           2.81             618         2.08            1,181       1.35      13,500      0.62
        317        3.53            420           2.80             622         2.07            1,196       1.34      15,750      0.61
        318        3.52            422           2.79             626         2.06            1,212       1.33      18,900      0.60
        319        3.51            424           2.78             630         2.05            1,227       1.32      23,625      0.59
        320        3.50            426           2.77             634         2.04            1,243       1.31      31,500      0.58
        321        3.49            428           2.76             639         2.03            1,260       1.30      47,250      0.57
        323        3.48            430           2.75             643         2.02            1,277       1.29      94,500      0.56
        324        3.47            432           2.74             647         2.01            1,295       1.28     100,000      0.56
        325        3.46            433           2.73             652         2.00            1,312       1.27     200,000   0.5547
        326        3.45            435           2.72             656         1.99            1,331       1.26     300,000   0.5532
        327        3.44            438           2.71             661         1.98            1,350       1.25     400,000   0.5524
        328        3.43            440           2.70             665         1.97            1,370       1.24     500,000   0.5519
        329        3.42            442           2.69             670         1.96            1,390       1.23     600,000   0.5516
        330        3.41            444           2.68             675         1.95            1,410       1.22     700,000   0.5514
        332        3.40            446           2.67             680         1.94            1,432       1.21     800,000   0.5512
        333        3.39            448           2.66             685         1.93            1,454       1.20     900,000   0.5511
        334        3.38            450           2.65             690         1.92            1,477       1.19   1,000,000   0.5509
        335        3.37            452           2.64             695         1.91            1,500       1.18
        336        3.36            454           2.63             700         1.90            1,524       1.17
        337        3.35            457           2.62             705         1.89            1,549       1.16
        339        3.34            459           2.61             711         1.88            1,575       1.15
        340        3.33            461           2.60             716         1.87            1,602       1.14
        341        3.32            463           2.59             721         1.86            1,629       1.13
        342        3.31            466           2.58             727         1.85            1,658       1.12
        344        3.30            468           2.57             733         1.84            1,687       1.11
        345        3.29            470           2.56             738         1.83            1,718       1.10
        346        3.28            473           2.55             744         1.82            1,750       1.09
        347        3.27            475           2.54             750         1.81            1,783       1.08
        349        3.26            477           2.53             756         1.80            1,817       1.07
        350        3.25            480           2.52             762         1.79            1,853       1.06
        351        3.24            482           2.51             768         1.78            1,890       1.05

Printed: 08/11/2026 8:14:02 am




                                                              PAGE 418
                                                                     Weare
                                               Commercial Building Area Size Adjustment Factors
                                        Median Effective Area = 3300sf Fixed Site Cost Adjustment = 40%
     Size        Adj.            Size          Adj.             Size            Adj.          Size        Adj.     Size       Adj.
        388        4.00            494           3.27             680         2.54            1,091       1.81       2,750      1.08
        389        3.99            496           3.26             684         2.53            1,100       1.80       2,809      1.07
        391        3.98            498           3.25             688         2.52            1,109       1.79       2,870      1.06
        392        3.97            500           3.24             691         2.51            1,119       1.78       2,933      1.05
        393        3.96            502           3.23             695         2.50            1,128       1.77       3,000      1.04
        394        3.95            504           3.22             698         2.49            1,138       1.76       3,070      1.03
        395        3.94            506           3.21             702         2.48            1,148       1.75       3,143      1.02
        396        3.93            508           3.20             706         2.47            1,158       1.74       3,220      1.01
        398        3.92            510           3.19             710         2.46            1,168       1.73       3,300      1.00
        399        3.91            512           3.18             714         2.45            1,179       1.72       3,385      0.99
        400        3.90            514           3.17             717         2.44            1,189       1.71       3,474      0.98
        401        3.89            516           3.16             721         2.43            1,200       1.70       3,568      0.97
        402        3.88            518           3.15             725         2.42            1,211       1.69       3,667      0.96
        404        3.87            520           3.14             729         2.41            1,222       1.68       3,771      0.95
        405        3.86            522           3.13             733         2.40            1,234       1.67       3,882      0.94
        406        3.85            524           3.12             737         2.39            1,245       1.66       4,000      0.93
        407        3.84            526           3.11             742         2.38            1,257       1.65       4,125      0.92
        409        3.83            528           3.10             746         2.37            1,269       1.64       4,258      0.91
        410        3.82            530           3.09             750         2.36            1,282       1.63       4,400      0.90
        411        3.81            532           3.08             754         2.35            1,294       1.62       4,552      0.89
        413        3.80            534           3.07             759         2.34            1,307       1.61       4,714      0.88
        414        3.79            537           3.06             763         2.33            1,320       1.60       4,889      0.87
        415        3.78            539           3.05             767         2.32            1,333       1.59       5,077      0.86
        416        3.77            541           3.04             772         2.31            1,347       1.58       5,280      0.85
        418        3.76            543           3.03             776         2.30            1,361       1.57       5,500      0.84
        419        3.75            545           3.02             781         2.29            1,375       1.56       5,739      0.83
        420        3.74            548           3.01             786         2.28            1,389       1.55       6,000      0.82
        422        3.73            550           3.00             790         2.27            1,404       1.54       6,286      0.81
        423        3.72            552           2.99             795         2.26            1,419       1.53       6,600      0.80
        424        3.71            555           2.98             800         2.25            1,435       1.52       6,947      0.79
        426        3.70            557           2.97             805         2.24            1,451       1.51       7,333      0.78
        427        3.69            559           2.96             810         2.23            1,467       1.50       7,765      0.77
        429        3.68            562           2.95             815         2.22            1,483       1.49       8,250      0.76
        430        3.67            564           2.94             820         2.21            1,500       1.48       8,800      0.75
        431        3.66            567           2.93             825         2.20            1,517       1.47       9,429      0.74
        433        3.65            569           2.92             830         2.19            1,535       1.46      10,154      0.73
        434        3.64            571           2.91             835         2.18            1,553       1.45      11,000      0.72
        436        3.63            574           2.90             841         2.17            1,571       1.44      12,000      0.71
        437        3.62            576           2.89             846         2.16            1,590       1.43      13,200      0.70
        439        3.61            579           2.88             852         2.15            1,610       1.42      14,667      0.69
        440        3.60            581           2.87             857         2.14            1,630       1.41      16,500      0.68
        441        3.59            584           2.86             863         2.13            1,650       1.40      18,857      0.67
        443        3.58            587           2.85             868         2.12            1,671       1.39      22,000      0.66
        444        3.57            589           2.84             874         2.11            1,692       1.38      26,400      0.65
        446        3.56            592           2.83             880         2.10            1,714       1.37      33,000      0.64
        447        3.55            595           2.82             886         2.09            1,737       1.36      44,000      0.63
        449        3.54            597           2.81             892         2.08            1,760       1.35      66,000      0.62
        451        3.53            600           2.80             898         2.07            1,784       1.34     132,000   0.6100
        452        3.52            603           2.79             904         2.06            1,808       1.33     200,000   0.6066
        454        3.51            606           2.78             910         2.05            1,833       1.32     300,000   0.6044
        455        3.50            608           2.77             917         2.04            1,859       1.31     400,000   0.6033
        457        3.49            611           2.76             923         2.03            1,886       1.30     500,000   0.6026
        458        3.48            614           2.75             930         2.02            1,913       1.29     600,000   0.6022
        460        3.47            617           2.74             936         2.01            1,941       1.28     700,000   0.6019
        462        3.46            620           2.73             943         2.00            1,970       1.27     800,000   0.6017
        463        3.45            623           2.72             950         1.99            2,000       1.26     900,000   0.6015
        465        3.44            626           2.71             957         1.98            2,031       1.25   1,000,000   0.6013
        466        3.43            629           2.70             964         1.97            2,063       1.24
        468        3.42            632           2.69             971         1.96            2,095       1.23
        470        3.41            635           2.68             978         1.95            2,129       1.22
        471        3.40            638           2.67             985         1.94            2,164       1.21
        473        3.39            641           2.66             992         1.93            2,200       1.20
        475        3.38            644           2.65           1,000         1.92            2,237       1.19
        477        3.37            647           2.64           1,008         1.91            2,276       1.18
        478        3.36            650           2.63           1,015         1.90            2,316       1.17
        480        3.35            653           2.62           1,023         1.89            2,357       1.16
        482        3.34            657           2.61           1,031         1.88            2,400       1.15
        484        3.33            660           2.60           1,039         1.87            2,444       1.14
        485        3.32            663           2.59           1,048         1.86            2,491       1.13
        487        3.31            667           2.58           1,056         1.85            2,538       1.12
        489        3.30            670           2.57           1,065         1.84            2,588       1.11
        491        3.29            673           2.56           1,073         1.83            2,640       1.10
        493        3.28            677           2.55           1,082         1.82            2,694       1.09

Printed: 08/11/2026 8:14:39 am




                                                              PAGE 419
                                                                     Weare
                                                Industrial Building Area Size Adjustment Factors
                                        Median Effective Area = 7000sf Fixed Site Cost Adjustment = 40%
     Size        Adj.            Size          Adj.             Size            Adj.          Size        Adj.     Size       Adj.
        824        4.00          1,049           3.27           1,443          2.54           2,314       1.81       5,833      1.08
        826        3.99          1,053           3.26           1,451          2.53           2,333       1.80       5,957      1.07
        828        3.98          1,057           3.25           1,458          2.52           2,353       1.79       6,087      1.06
        831        3.97          1,061           3.24           1,466          2.51           2,373       1.78       6,222      1.05
        833        3.96          1,065           3.23           1,474          2.50           2,393       1.77       6,364      1.04
        836        3.95          1,069           3.22           1,481          2.49           2,414       1.76       6,512      1.03
        838        3.94          1,073           3.21           1,489          2.48           2,435       1.75       6,667      1.02
        841        3.93          1,077           3.20           1,497          2.47           2,456       1.74       6,829      1.01
        843        3.92          1,081           3.19           1,505          2.46           2,478       1.73       7,000      1.00
        846        3.91          1,085           3.18           1,514          2.45           2,500       1.72       7,179      0.99
        848        3.90          1,089           3.17           1,522          2.44           2,523       1.71       7,368      0.98
        851        3.89          1,094           3.16           1,530          2.43           2,545       1.70       7,568      0.97
        854        3.88          1,098           3.15           1,538          2.42           2,569       1.69       7,778      0.96
        856        3.87          1,102           3.14           1,547          2.41           2,593       1.68       8,000      0.95
        859        3.86          1,107           3.13           1,556          2.40           2,617       1.67       8,235      0.94
        862        3.85          1,111           3.12           1,564          2.39           2,642       1.66       8,485      0.93
        864        3.84          1,116           3.11           1,573          2.38           2,667       1.65       8,750      0.92
        867        3.83          1,120           3.10           1,582          2.37           2,692       1.64       9,032      0.91
        870        3.82          1,124           3.09           1,591          2.36           2,718       1.63       9,333      0.90
        872        3.81          1,129           3.08           1,600          2.35           2,745       1.62       9,655      0.89
        875        3.80          1,134           3.07           1,609          2.34           2,772       1.61      10,000      0.88
        878        3.79          1,138           3.06           1,618          2.33           2,800       1.60      10,370      0.87
        881        3.78          1,143           3.05           1,628          2.32           2,828       1.59      10,769      0.86
        883        3.77          1,148           3.04           1,637          2.31           2,857       1.58      11,200      0.85
        886        3.76          1,152           3.03           1,647          2.30           2,887       1.57      11,667      0.84
        889        3.75          1,157           3.02           1,657          2.29           2,917       1.56      12,174      0.83
        892        3.74          1,162           3.01           1,667          2.28           2,947       1.55      12,727      0.82
        895        3.73          1,167           3.00           1,677          2.27           2,979       1.54      13,333      0.81
        897        3.72          1,172           2.99           1,687          2.26           3,011       1.53      14,000      0.80
        900        3.71          1,176           2.98           1,697          2.25           3,043       1.52      14,737      0.79
        903        3.70          1,181           2.97           1,707          2.24           3,077       1.51      15,556      0.78
        906        3.69          1,186           2.96           1,718          2.23           3,111       1.50      16,471      0.77
        909        3.68          1,191           2.95           1,728          2.22           3,146       1.49      17,500      0.76
        912        3.67          1,197           2.94           1,739          2.21           3,182       1.48      18,667      0.75
        915        3.66          1,202           2.93           1,750          2.20           3,218       1.47      20,000      0.74
        918        3.65          1,207           2.92           1,761          2.19           3,256       1.46      21,538      0.73
        921        3.64          1,212           2.91           1,772          2.18           3,294       1.45      23,333      0.72
        924        3.63          1,217           2.90           1,783          2.17           3,333       1.44      25,455      0.71
        927        3.62          1,223           2.89           1,795          2.16           3,373       1.43      28,000      0.70
        930        3.61          1,228           2.88           1,806          2.15           3,415       1.42      31,111      0.69
        933        3.60          1,233           2.87           1,818          2.14           3,457       1.41      35,000      0.68
        936        3.59          1,239           2.86           1,830          2.13           3,500       1.40      40,000      0.67
        940        3.58          1,244           2.85           1,842          2.12           3,544       1.39      46,667      0.66
        943        3.57          1,250           2.84           1,854          2.11           3,590       1.38      56,000      0.65
        946        3.56          1,256           2.83           1,867          2.10           3,636       1.37      70,000      0.64
        949        3.55          1,261           2.82           1,879          2.09           3,684       1.36      93,333      0.63
        952        3.54          1,267           2.81           1,892          2.08           3,733       1.35     140,000   0.6200
        956        3.53          1,273           2.80           1,905          2.07           3,784       1.34     280,000   0.6100
        959        3.52          1,279           2.79           1,918          2.06           3,836       1.33     300,000   0.6093
        962        3.51          1,284           2.78           1,931          2.05           3,889       1.32     400,000   0.6070
        966        3.50          1,290           2.77           1,944          2.04           3,944       1.31     500,000   0.6056
        969        3.49          1,296           2.76           1,958          2.03           4,000       1.30     600,000   0.6047
        972        3.48          1,302           2.75           1,972          2.02           4,058       1.29     700,000   0.6040
        976        3.47          1,308           2.74           1,986          2.01           4,118       1.28     800,000   0.6035
        979        3.46          1,315           2.73           2,000          2.00           4,179       1.27     900,000   0.6031
        982        3.45          1,321           2.72           2,014          1.99           4,242       1.26   1,000,000   0.6028
        986        3.44          1,327           2.71           2,029          1.98           4,308       1.25
        989        3.43          1,333           2.70           2,044          1.97           4,375       1.24
        993        3.42          1,340           2.69           2,059          1.96           4,444       1.23
        996        3.41          1,346           2.68           2,074          1.95           4,516       1.22
      1,000        3.40          1,353           2.67           2,090          1.94           4,590       1.21
      1,004        3.39          1,359           2.66           2,105          1.93           4,667       1.20
      1,007        3.38          1,366           2.65           2,121          1.92           4,746       1.19
      1,011        3.37          1,373           2.64           2,137          1.91           4,828       1.18
      1,014        3.36          1,379           2.63           2,154          1.90           4,912       1.17
      1,018        3.35          1,386           2.62           2,171          1.89           5,000       1.16
      1,022        3.34          1,393           2.61           2,188          1.88           5,091       1.15
      1,026        3.33          1,400           2.60           2,205          1.87           5,185       1.14
      1,029        3.32          1,407           2.59           2,222          1.86           5,283       1.13
      1,033        3.31          1,414           2.58           2,240          1.85           5,385       1.12
      1,037        3.30          1,421           2.57           2,258          1.84           5,490       1.11
      1,041        3.29          1,429           2.56           2,276          1.83           5,600       1.10
      1,045        3.28          1,436           2.55           2,295          1.82           5,714       1.09

Printed: 08/11/2026 8:15:00 am




                                                              PAGE 420
                                                                    Weare
                                             Manufactured Building Area Size Adjustment Factors
                                        Median Effective Area = 600sf Fixed Site Cost Adjustment = 40%
     Size        Adj.            Size          Adj.            Size            Adj.           Size       Adj.     Size       Adj.
         71        4.00            124          2.54             180          1.93             300       1.40         889      0.87
         72        3.95            125          2.52             182          1.92             304       1.39         923      0.86
         73        3.91            126          2.51             183          1.91             308       1.38         960      0.85
         74        3.86            127          2.49             185          1.90             312       1.37       1,000      0.84
         75        3.82            128          2.48             186          1.89             316       1.36       1,043      0.83
         76        3.77            129          2.46             188          1.88             320       1.35       1,091      0.82
         77        3.73            130          2.45             189          1.87             324       1.34       1,143      0.81
         78        3.69            131          2.43             190          1.86             329       1.33       1,200      0.80
         79        3.65            132          2.42             192          1.85             333       1.32       1,263      0.79
         80        3.61            133          2.41             194          1.84             338       1.31       1,333      0.78
         81        3.58            134          2.39             195          1.83             343       1.30       1,412      0.77
         82        3.54            135          2.38             197          1.82             348       1.29       1,500      0.76
         83        3.50            136          2.37             198          1.81             353       1.28       1,600      0.75
         84        3.47            137          2.35             200          1.80             358       1.27       1,714      0.74
         85        3.44            138          2.34             202          1.79             364       1.26       1,846      0.73
         86        3.40            139          2.33             203          1.78             369       1.25       2,000      0.72
         87        3.37            140          2.32             205          1.77             375       1.24       2,182      0.71
         88        3.34            141          2.30             207          1.76             381       1.23       2,400      0.70
         89        3.31            142          2.29             209          1.75             387       1.22       2,667      0.69
         90        3.28            143          2.28             211          1.74             393       1.21       3,000      0.68
         91        3.25            144          2.27             212          1.73             400       1.20       3,429      0.67
         92        3.22            145          2.26             214          1.72             407       1.19       4,000      0.66
         93        3.19            146          2.24             216          1.71             414       1.18       4,800      0.65
         94        3.16            147          2.23             218          1.70             421       1.17       6,000      0.64
         95        3.13            148          2.22             220          1.69             429       1.16       8,000      0.63
         96        3.11            149          2.21             222          1.68             436       1.15      12,000      0.62
         97        3.08            150          2.20             224          1.67             444       1.14      24,000      0.61
         98        3.06            151          2.19             226          1.66             453       1.13     100,000      0.60
         99        3.03            152          2.18             229          1.65             462       1.12     200,000   0.6012
        100        3.01            153          2.17             231          1.64             471       1.11     300,000   0.6008
        101        2.98            154          2.16             233          1.63             480       1.10     400,000   0.6006
        102        2.96            155          2.15             235          1.62             490       1.09     500,000   0.6005
        103        2.94            156          2.14             238          1.61             500       1.08     600,000   0.6004
        104        2.91            157          2.13             240          1.60             511       1.07     700,000   0.6003
        105        2.89            158          2.12             242          1.59             522       1.06     800,000   0.6003
        106        2.87            159          2.11             245          1.58             533       1.05     900,000   0.6003
        107        2.85            160          2.10             247          1.57             545       1.04   1,000,000   0.6002
        108        2.83            161          2.09             250          1.56             558       1.03
        109        2.81            162          2.08             253          1.55             571       1.02
        110        2.79            163          2.07             255          1.54             585       1.01
        111        2.77            164          2.06             258          1.53             600       1.00
        112        2.75            166          2.05             261          1.52             615       0.99
        113        2.73            167          2.04             264          1.51             632       0.98
        114        2.71            168          2.03             267          1.50             649       0.97
        115        2.69            169          2.02             270          1.49             667       0.96
        116        2.67            170          2.01             273          1.48             686       0.95
        117        2.66            171          2.00             276          1.47             706       0.94
        118        2.64            173          1.99             279          1.46             727       0.93
        119        2.62            174          1.98             282          1.45             750       0.92
        120        2.60            175          1.97             286          1.44             774       0.91
        121        2.59            176          1.96             289          1.43             800       0.90
        122        2.57            178          1.95             293          1.42             828       0.89
        123        2.55            179          1.94             296          1.41             857       0.88

Printed: 08/11/2026 8:15:20 am




                                                             PAGE 421
                                                      Weare Sales Codes




                             Code   Description

                             11     NOT ASSESSD SEPARATE
                             12     SUBDIVIDED POST ASMT
                             13     IMPROVED POST SALE
                             14     IMPROVED POST ASMT
                             15     IMPRVMNT U/C AT ASMT
                             16     L/O ASMT - L/B SALE
                             17     L/B ASMT - L/O SALE
                             18     MULTIPLE PARCELS
                             19     MULTI-TOWN PROPERTY
                             20     MPC-CANT SELL SEPRTL
                             21     MPC-CAN SELL SEPRTLY
                             22     INDETERMINATE PRICE
                             23     NO STAMP PER DEED
                             24     ABUTTER SALE
                             25     INSUFCNT MKT EXPOSUR
                             26     MINERAL RIGHTS ONLY
                             27     LESS THAN 100% INT
                             28     LIFE EST/DEFER 1YR+
                             29     PLOTAGE/ASMBL IMPACT
                             30     TIMESHARE
                             31     EASEMENT/BOATSLIPS
                             32     TIMBER RIGHTS
                             33     LNDLRD/TENANT SALE
                             34     PUBLIC UTIL GRNTR/E
                             35     GOVMT AGENCY GRNTR/E
                             36     REL/CHAR/EDU GRNTR/E
                             37     FINANCIAL CO GRNTR/E
                             38     FAMILY/RELAT GRNTR/E
                             39     DIVORCE PRTY GRNTR/E
                             40     BUSIN AFFIL GRNTR/E
                             41     GOV REL ENT/NHH/FNMA
                             43     SHORT SALE RQ 3RDPTY
                             44     NONMKT TRUST GRNTR/E
                             45     BOUNDARY ADJUSTMT
                             47     OTHR SALE OF CONVENC
                             48     COURT/SHERIFF SALE
                             49     DEED INLIEU FORECLSR
                             50     TAX SALE
                             51     FORECLOSURE
                             52     OTHER FORCED SALE
                             54     DEED TO QUIET TITLE
                             55     UNSPECFIED DEED CONV
                             56     OTHER DOUBTFUL TITLE
                             57     LARGE VALUE IN TRADE
                             58     INSTALLMENT SALE
                             59     UNFINISH COMMON PROP
                             60     UNIDENT IN ASSR RECS
                             66     COMPLEX COMMRCL SALE
                             67     UNK PERSONAL PROPRTY
                             68     MTGE TERMS UNKNOWN
                             69     LEASE W/ UNK TERMS
                             70     BUYR/SELR COST SHIFT
                             77     ASSMNT ENCUMBRANCES
                             80     SUBSID/ASSIST HOUSNG
                             81     ESTATE SALE/FDCY COV
                             82     DEED DATE TOO OLD
                             83     CEMETERY LOTS
                             87     XS LOCALE IN SAMPLE
                             88     XS PRP TYP IN SAMPLE
                             89     RESALE IN EQ PERIOD
                             90     RSA 79-A CURRENT USE
                             97     RSA 79-B CONSRV ESMT
                             98     SALE RELATD ASMT CHG
                             99     UNCLASSFYD EXCLUSION




Printed: 08/11/2026 8:12:57 am
                                                           PAGE 422
